Synchronized Auditory and Cognitive 40 Hz Attentional Streams, and the Impact of Rhythmic Expectation on Auditory Scene Analysis.
CAM Storage of Analog Patterns and Continuous Sequences with 3N Weights.
Gradient Descent for General Reinforcement Learning.
Synchronization and Grammatical Inference in an Oscillating Elman Net.
Grammatical Inference by Attentional Control of Synchronization in an Oscillating Elman Network.
Bayesian models of human action understanding.
Breaking SVM Complexity with Cross-Training.
Learning to Find Pre-Images.
Reinforcement Learning with Long Short-Term Memory.
Robust Learning of Chaotic Attractors.
Co-Training and Expansion: Towards Bridging Theory and Practice.
Linear Learning: Landscapes and Algorithms.
Computing with Arrays of Bell-Shaped and Sigmoid Functions.
Hidden Markov Models for Human Genes.
Hidden Markov Models in Molecular Biology: New Algorithms and Applications.
Large-Scale Prediction of Disulphide Bond Connectivity.
Universal Approximnation and Learning of Trajectories Using Oscillators.
On the Distribution of the Number of Local Minima of a Random Function on a Graph.
On Properties of Networks of Neuron-Like Elements.
Genetic Algorithms and Explicit Search Statistics.
Dendritic Compartmentalization Could Underlie Competition and Attentional Biasing of Simultaneous Visual Stimuli.
Learning vehicular dynamics, with application to modeling helicopters.
Combining Graph Laplacians for Semi-Supervised Learning.
Learning first-order Markov models for control.
Place Cells and Spatial Navigation Based on 2D Visual Feature Extraction, Path Integration, and Reinforcement Learning.
Temporally Asymmetric Hebbian Learning, Spike liming and Neural Response Variability.
Learning in Silicon: Timing is Everything.
Policy-Gradient Methods for Planning.
A Recurrent Neural Network Model of Velocity Storage in the Vestibulo-Ocular Reflex.
Duality, Geometry, and Support Vector Regression.
An Orientation Selective Neural Network for Pattern Identification in Particle Detectors.
Bayesian morphometry of hippocampal cells suggests same-cell somatodendritic repulsion.
Connectivity Versus Entropy.
Adaptive Elastic Input Field for Recognition Improvement.
A Method for Learning From Hints.
Learning on a General Network.
Financial Applications of Learning from Hints.
A Method for the Associative Storage of Analog Vectors.
Probabilistic Inference of Speech Signals from Phaseless Spectrograms.
Q-Learning with Hidden-Unit Restarting.
Support Vector Classification with Input Data Uncertainty.
Sampling Techniques for Kernel Methods.
Using Local Models to Control Movement.
Associative Learning via Inhibitory Search.
Using Local Trajectory Optimizers to Speed Up Global Optimization in Dynamic Programming.
Generalization and Scaling in Reinforcement Learning.
Nonparametric Model-Based Reinforcement Learning.
Contrast Adaptation in Simple Cells by Changing the Transmitter Release Probability.
Nonparametric Representation of Policies and Value Functions: A Trajectory-Based Approach.
Recurrent Cortical Competition: Strengthen or Weaken?
Performance Comparisons Between Backpropagation Networks and Classification Trees on Three Real-World Applications.
Kernelized Infomax Clustering.
Training Connectionist Networks with Queries and Selective Sampling.
A Large Deviation Bound for the Area Under the ROC Curve.
An Artificial Neural Network for Spatio-Temporal Bipolar Patterns: Application to Phoneme Classification.
Performance of Synthetic Neural Network Classification of Noisy Radar Signals.
Learning in the Vestibular System: Simulations of Vestibular Compensation Using Recurrent Back-Propagation.
A Realizable Learning Task which Exhibits Overfitting.
Who Does What? A Novel Algorithm to Determine Function Localization.
Source Separation with a Sensor Array Using Graphical Models and Subband Filtering.
VISIT: A Neural Model of Covert Visual Attention.
Learning a Hierarchical Belief Network of Independent Factor Analyzers.
Feature Densities Are Required for Computing Feature Correspondences.
A Variational Baysian Framework for Graphical Models.
Scaling and Generalization in Neural Networks: A Case Study.
Independent Factor Analysis with Temporally Structured Sources.
Some Solutions to the Missing Feature Problem in Vision.
Speech Denoising and Dereverberation Using Probabilistic Models.
Asymptotic Convergence of Backpropagation: Numerical Experiments.
Temporal Low-Order Statistics of Natural Sounds.
Large-scale biophysical parameter estimation in single neurons via constrained linear regression.
Coding of Naturalistic Stimuli by Auditory Midbrain Neurons.
Learning Preferences for Multiclass Problems.
Ambiguous Model Learning Made Unambiguous with 1/f Priors.
Robust, Efficient, Globally-Optimized Reinforcement Learning with the Parti-Game Algorithm.
PAC-Bayesian Generic Chaining.
Template-Based Algorithms for Connectionist Rule Extraction.
Exponentially many local minima for single neurons.
Computer Modeling of Associative Learning.
Learning Topology with the Generative Gaussian Graph and the EM Algorithm.
Harmonising Chorales by Probabilistic Inference.
Comparing Beliefs, Surveys, and Random Walks.
A Recurrent Neural Network for Word Identification from Continuous Phoneme Strings.
Optical Implementation of a Self-Organizing Feature Extractor.
A Note on the Representational Incompatibility of Function Approximation and Factored Dynamics.
The power of feature clustering: An application to object detection.
Selective Attention for Handwritten Digit Recognition.
Fast Information Value for Graphical Models.
Transfer learning for text classification.
Stochastic Learning Networks and their Electronic Implementation.
What Can a Single Neuron Compute?
KLD-Sampling: Adaptive Particle Filters.
Relaxation Networks for Large Supervised Learning Problems.
The Doubly Balanced Network of Spiking Neurons: A Memory Model with High Capacity.
Performance of a Stochastic Learning Microchip.
Thin Junction Trees.
Experimental Evaluation of Learning in a Neural Microsystem.
An Analog VLSI Chip for Radial Basis Functions.
How Perception Guides Production in Birdsong Learning.
A Parallel Gradient Descent Method for Learning in Analog VLSI Neural Networks.
Learning Graphical Models with Mercer Kernels.
Discriminative Learning for Label Sequences via Boosting.
Learning Spectral Clustering.
Margin Semi-Supervised Learning for Structured Variables.
From Mixtures of Mixtures to Adaptive Transform Coding.
Locality Preserving Projections.
Large scale networks fingerprinting and visualization using the k-core decomposition.
Blind One-microphone Speech Separation: A Spectral Learning Approach.
Neural Network Star Pattern Recognition for Spacecraft Attitude Determination and Control.
Computing regularization paths for learning multiple kernels.
Neural Learning in Structured Parameter Spaces - Natural Riemannian Gradient.
A Connectionist Learning Control Architecture for Navigation.
A New Learning Algorithm for Blind Signal Separation.
A Comparison of Discrete-Time Operator Models and for Nonlinear System Identification.
Statistical Theory of Overtraining - Is Cross-Validation Asymptotically Effective?
Perceptual Metamers in Stereoscopic Vision.
Geometrical Singularities in the Neuromanifold of Multilayer Perceptrons.
Generalized Prioritized Sweeping.
Combining ICA and Top-Down Attention for Robust Speech Recognition.
Programmable Reinforcement Learning Agents.
Policy Search by Dynamic Programming.
Electronic Receptors for Tactile/Haptic Sensing.
On Local Rewards and Scaling Distributed Reinforcement Learning.
VLSI Phase Locking Architectures for Feature Linking in Multiple Target Tracking Systems.
Reconstructing Stimulus Velocity from Neuronal Responses in Area MT.
Multiple-Instance Learning via Disjunctive Programming Boosting.
An Analog VLSI Chip for Finding Edges from Zero-crossings.
Support Vector Machines for Multiple-Instance Learning.
Correlated Neuronal Response: Time Scales and Mechanisms.
Rao-Blackwellised Particle Filtering via Data Augmentation.
A Bifurcation Theory Approach to the Programming of Periodic Attractors in Network Models of Olfactory Cortex.
Robust Full Bayesian Methods for Neural Networks.
Parameterized Novelty Detectors for Environmental Sensor Monitoring.
Monaural Speech Separation.
The Correlated Correspondence Algorithm for Unsupervised Registration of Nonrigid Surfaces.
Associative Memory in a Simple Model of Oscillating Cortex.
A Cortically-Plausible Inverse Problem Solving Method Applied to Recognizing Static and Kinematic 3D Objects.
Spike Sorting: Bayesian Clustering of Non-Stationary Data.
Using Expectation to Guide Processing: A Study of Three Real-World Applications.
Making Templates Rotationally Invariant. An Application to Rotated Digit Recognition.
Probabilistic Modeling for Face Orientation Discrimination: Learning from Labeled and Unlabeled Data.
Non-Intrusive Gaze Tracking Using Artificial Neural Networks.
Using a Saliency Map for Active Spatial Selective Attention: Implementation & Initial Results.
Dynamical Constraints on Computing with Spike Timing in the Cortex.
Non-Local Manifold Parzen Windows.
Where Does the Population Vector of Motor Cortical Cells Point during Reaching Movements?
Non-Local Manifold Tangent Learning.
Consistent Classification, Firm and Soft.
Speaker Independent Speech Recognition with Neural Networks and Speech Knowledge.
Convergence of a Neural Network Classifier.
Neural Network - Gaussian Mixture Hybrid for Speech Recognition or Density Estimation.
Learning in Spiking Neural Assemblies.
Out-of-Sample Extensions for LLE, Isomap, MDS, Eigenmaps, and Spectral Clustering.
Dynamic Bayesian Networks with Deterministic Latent Tables.
Convex Neural Networks.
The IM Algorithm: A Variational Approach to Information Maximization.
Semi-Supervised Support Vector Machines.
Bayesian Model Comparison by Monte Carlo Chaining.
Direction Selective Silicon Retina that Uses Null Inhibition.
Ensemble Learning for Multi-Layer Networks.
Auction Mechanism Design for Multi-Robot Coordination.
Radial Basis Functions: A Bayesian Treatment.
Whos In the Picture.
Gaussian Fields for Approximate Inference in Layered Sigmoid Belief Networks.
Network Activity Determines Spatio-Temporal Integration in Single Cells.
Gaussian Processes for Bayesian Classification via Hybrid Monte Carlo.
Amplifying and Linearizing Apical Synaptic Inputs to Cortical Pyramidal Cells.
Tractable Variational Structures for Approximating Graphical Models.
Analysis and Comparison of Different Learning Algorithms for Pattern Association Problems.
Adjoint Operator Algorithms for Faster Learning in Dynamical Neural Networks.
Human and Machine 'Quick Modeling'.
On-line Learning of Dichotomies.
Refractoriness and Neural Precision.
For Valid Generalization the Size of the Weights is More Important than the Size of the Network.
A Cortico-Cerebellar Model that Learns to Generate Distributed Motor Commands to Control a Kinematic Arm.
Exponentiated Gradient Algorithms for Large-margin Structured Classification.
Diffusion of Credit in Markovian Models.
Necessary Intransitive Likelihood-Ratio Classifiers.
Image Representations for Facial Expression Coding.
Boosting the Performance of RBF Networks with Dynamic Decay Adjustment.
Large Margin Classifiers: Convex Loss, Low Noise, and Convergence Rates.
No Unbiased Estimator of the Variance of K-Fold Cross-Validation.
Combinations of Weak Classifiers.
A Prototype for Automatic Recognition of Spontaneous Facial Actions.
Polynomial Uniform Convergence of Relative Frequencies to Probabilities.
Almost Linear VC Dimension Bounds for Piecewise Polynomial Networks.
At the Edge of Chaos: Real-time Computations and Self-Organized Criticality in Recurrent Neural Networks.
Viewpoint Invariant Face Recognition using Independent Component Analysis and Attractor Networks.
Recurrent Neural Networks for Missing or Asynchronous Data.
The VC-Dimension versus the Statistical Capacity of Multilayer Networks.
Classifying Facial Action.
Binary Tuning is Optimal for Neural Rate Coding with High Temporal Resolution.
Monte Carlo Matrix Inversion and Reinforcement Learning.
Approximability of Probability Distributions.
A Predictive Switching Model of Cerebellar Movement Control.
A Variational Mean-Field Theory for Sigmoidal Belief Networks.
Sequential Decision Probelms and Neural Networks.
A Second Order Cone programming Formulation for Classifying Missing Data.
Linear Operator for Object Recognition.
Evidence for a Forward Dynamics Model in Human Adaptive Motor Control.
A Topographic Product for the Optimization of Self-Organizing Feature Maps.
Stability and Noise in Biochemical Switches.
The Perceptron Algorithm Is Fast for Non-Malicious Distributions.
Reading a Neural Code.
What Size Net Gives Valid Generalization?
Optimal Sampling of Natural Images.
Constructing Hidden Units Using Examples and Queries.
Convex Methods for Transduction.
Supervised Learning of Probability Distributions by Neural Networks.
Compositionality, MDL Priors, and Object Recognition.
A Dynamical Model of Priming and Repetition Blindness.
Learning Theory and Experiments with Competitive Networks.
Learning Model Bias.
Optimization by Mean Field Annealing.
The Canonical Distortion Measure in Feature Space and 1-NN Classification.
Range Image Restoration Using Mean Field Annealing.
Centric Models of the Orientation Map in Primary Visual Cortex.
Intransitive Likelihood-Ratio Classifiers.
Recognizing Evoked Potentials in a Virtual Environment.
Lazy Learning Meets the Recursive Least Squares Algorithm.
The Infinite Hidden Markov Model.
PCA-Pyramids for Image Compression.
A Functional Architecture for Motion Pattern Processing in MSTd.
Real-Time Control of a Tokamak Plasma Using Neural Networks.
Learning to Categorize Objects Using Temporal Coherence.
Bayesian PCA.
JPMAX: Learning to Recognize Moving Objects as a Model-fitting Problem.
Estimating Conditional Probability Densities for Periodic Variables.
Learning Temporally Persistent Hierarchical Representations.
Approximating Posterior Distributions in Belief Networks Using Mixtures.
Modelling Spatial Recall, Mental Imagery and Neglect.
Regression with Input-Dependent Noise: A Bayesian Treatment.
Learning to Make Coherent Predictions in Domains with Discontinuities.
VIBES: A Variational Inference Engine for Bayesian Networks.
Neural Implementation of Motivated Behavior: Feeding in an Artificial Insect.
EM Optimization of Latent-Variables Density Models.
Heterogeneous Neural Networks for Adaptive Behavior in Dynamic Environments.
GTM: A Principled Alternative to the Self-Organizing Map.
A Model of Distributed Sensorimotor Control in the Cockroach Escape Turn.
Responding to Modalities with Different Latencies.
Receptive field structure of flow detectors for heading perception.
The Devil and the Network.
Interposing an Ontogenetic Model Between Genetic Algorithms and Neural Networks.
Simualtion of a Thalamocortical Circuit for Computing Directional Heading in the Rat.
Laplacian Eigenmaps and Spectral Techniques for Embedding and Clustering.
Receptive Field Formation in Natural Scene Environments: Comparison of Single Cell Learning Rules.
Using Manifold Stucture for Partially Labeled Classification.
The CONDENSATION Algorithm - Conditional Density Propagation and Applications to Visual Tracking.
Learning in Higher-Order "Artificial Dendritic Trees".
Learning Multi-Class Dynamics.
Self-organization in Real Neurons: Anti-Hebb in 'Channel Space'?
Non-Gaussian Component Analysis: a Semi-parametric Framework for Linear Dimension Reduction.
Maximising Sensitivity in a Spiking Network.
Classifying Single Trial EEG: Towards Brain Computer Interfacing.
A Non-linear Information Maximisation Algorithm that Performs Blind Separation.
Nonlinear Blind Source Separation by Integrating Independent Component Analysis and Slow Feature Analysis.
Edges are the Independent Components of Natural Scenes.
GDS: Gradient Descent Generation of Symbolic Classification Rules.
Shape Context: A New Descriptor for Shape Matching and Object Recognition.
From Weighted Classification to Policy Search.
Efficient Learning of Linear Perceptrons.
Clustering data through an analogy to the Potts model.
A Support Vector Method for Clustering.
Hierarchical Topic Models and the Nested Chinese Restaurant Process.
Discriminative Binaural Sound Localization.
Correlated Topic Models.
An Asynchronous Hidden Markov Model for Audio-Visual Speech Recognition.
Latent Dirichlet Allocation.
Modeling High-Dimensional Discrete Data with Multi-Layer Neural Networks.
Hierarchical Distributed Representations for Statistical Language Modeling.
Shared Context Probabilistic Transducers.
Training a 3-Node Neural Network is NP-Complete.
A Neural Network to Detect Homologies in Proteins.
A Contrast Sensitive Silicon Retina with Reciprocal Synapses.
Globally Trained Handwritten Word Recognizer Using Spatial Representation, Convolutional Neural Networks, and Hidden Markov Models.
Markov Networks for Detecting Overalpping Elements in Sequence Data.
Use of Multi-Layered Networks for Coding Speech with Phonetic Features.
The Tempo 2 Algorithm: Adjusting Time-Delays By Supervised Learning.
The Curse of Highly Variable Functions for Local Kernel Machines.
Synchrony Detection by Analogue VLSI Neurons with Bimodal STDP Synapses.
A Neural Probabilistic Language Model.
Citcuits for VLSI Implementation of Temporally Asymmetric Hebbian Learning.
Credit Assignment through Time: Alternatives to Backpropagation.
Emergence of Movement Sensitive Neurons' Properties by Learning a Sparse Code for Natural Moving Images.
An Input Output HMM Architecture.
Effects of Noise on Convergence and Generalization in Recurrent Networks.
Generalization Error and the Expected Network Complexity.
On Neural Networks with Minimal Weights.
Multiple Threshold Neural Logic.
Reducing Spike Train Variability: A Computational Theory Of Spike-Timing Dependent Plasticity.
Dual Inhibitory Mechanisms for Definition of Receptive Field Characteristics in a Cat Striate Cortex.
Predicting Speech Intelligibility from a Population of Neurons.
MIMIC: Finding Optima by Estimating Probability Densities.
Structure Driven Image Database Retrieval.
A Non-Parametric Multi-Scale Statistical Model for Natural Images.
Nonlinear Processing in LGN Neurons.
Metamorphosis Networks: An Alternative to Constructive Models.
Simulations Suggest Information Processing Roles for the Diverse Currents in Hippocampal Neurons.
Can We Learn to Beat the Best Stock.
Dynamics of Training.
A Comparative Study of a Modified Bumptree Neural Network with Radial Basis Function Networks and the Standard Multi Layer Perceptron.
Generalization Properties of Radial Basis Functions.
Convergence Properties of the K-Means Algorithms.
Large Scale Online Learning.
A Framework for the Cooperation of Learning Algorithms.
New Approaches Towards Robust, Adaptive Speech Recognition (invited paper).
A Continuous Speech Recognition System Embedding MLP into HMM.
Connectionist Approaches to the Use of Markov Models for Speech Recognition.
Links Between Markov Models and Multilayer Perceptrons.
Measure Based Regularization.
Algorithmic Stability and Generalization Performance.
On the Complexity of Learning the Kernel Matrix.
Dopaminergic Neuromodulation Brings a Dynamical Plasticity to the Retina.
Optimal Neural Spike Classification.
A Computer Simulation of Olfactory Cortex with Functional Implications for Storage and Retrieval of Olfactory Information.
Neural Networks for Template Matching: Application to Real-Time Classification of the Action Potentials of Real Neurons.
Convergence and No-Regret in Multiagent Learning.
Neural Network On-Line Learning Control of Spacecraft Smart Structures.
Exact Solutions to Time-Dependent MDPs.
Packet Routing in Dynamically Changing Networks: A Reinforcement Learning Approach.
Generalization in Reinforcement Learning: Safely Approximating the Value Function.
Approximate Learning of Dynamic Models.
Dependent Gaussian Processes.
Clustering via Concave Minimization.
Reinforcement Learning Applied to Linear Quadratic Regulation.
Reinforcement Learning Methods for Continuous-Time Markov Decision Problems.
Efficient Learning Equilibrium.
Neural Architecture.
Charting a Manifold.
Minimax Embeddings.
An Entropic Estimator for Structure Discovery.
Catastrophic Interference in Human Motor Learning.
The Noisy Euclidean Traveling Salesman Problem and Learning.
A Computational Model of Prefrontal Cortex Function.
Kernel-Based Extraction of Slow Features: Complex Cells Learn Disparity and Translation Invariance from Natural Images.
Learning Appearance Based Models: Mixtures of Second Moment Experts.
Surface Learning with Applications to Lipreading.
Nonlinear Image Interpolation using Manifold Learning.
3D Object Recognition: A Model of View-Tuned Neurons.
Field-Programmable Learning Arrays.
Speech Recognition: Statistical and Neural Information Processing Approaches.
Training Stochastic Model Recognition Algorithms as Networks can Lead to Maximum Mutual Information Estimation of Parameters.
RecNorm: Simultaneous Normalisation and Classification Applied to Speech Recognition.
Unsupervised Classifiers, Mutual Information and 'Phantom Targets'.
Fisher Scoring and a Mixture of Modes Approach for Approximate Inference and Learning in Nonlinear State Space Models.
Robust Neural Network Regression for Offline and Online Learning.
Multilayer Neural Networks: One or Two Hidden Layers?
"Name That Song!" A Probabilistic Approach to Querying on Music and Text.
Fast Learning with Predictive Forward Models.
A Model of Feedback to the Lateral Geniculate Nucleus.
Signature Verification Using a Siamese Time Delay Neural Network.
Direct Classification with Indirect Data.
Switch Packet Arbitration via Queue-Learning.
Neural Network Implementation Approaches for the Connection Machine.
Adaptive Access Control Applied to Ethernet Data.
Low Power Wireless Communication via Reinforcement Learning.
Non-Linear PI Control Inspired by Biological Control Systems.
Relative Density Nets: A New Way to Combine Backpropagation with HMM's.
Self-organization of Hebbian Synapses in Hippocampal Neurons.
Optimizing Admission Control while Ensuring Quality of Service in Multimedia Networks via Reinforcement Learning.
An Oscillatory Correlation Frame work for Computational Auditory Scene Analysis.
Pulse-Firing Neural Chips for Hundreds of Neurons.
Saliency Based on Information Maximization.
On the Power of Neural Networks for Solving Hard Problems.
Dynamic Cell Structures.
Active Learning For Identifying Function Threshold Boundaries.
Locomotion in a Lower Vertebrate: Studies of the Cellular Basis of Rhythmogenesis and Oscillator Coupling.
Transition Point Dynamic Programming.
Central and Pairwise Data Clustering by Competitive Neural Networks.
Model Selection in Clustering by Uniform Convergence Bounds.
Illumination-Invariant Face Recognition with a Contrast Sensitive Silicon Retina.
Single Neuron Model: Response to Weak Modulation in the Presence of Noise.
Subsequence Kernels for Relation Extraction.
The Role of MT Neuron Receptive Field Surrounds in Computing Object Shape from Velocity Fields.
An Annealed Self-Organizing Map for Source Channel Coding.
Uniqueness of the SVM Solution.
Improving the Accuracy and Speed of Support Vector Machines.
A solvable connectionist model of immediate recall of ordered lists.
Estimating Equivalent Kernels for Neural Networks: A Data Perturbation Approach.
Orientational and Geometric Determinants of Place and Head-direction.
Using Hippocampal `Plane Cells' for Navigation, Exploiting Phase Coding.
Comparing the prediction accuracy of artifical neural networks and other statistical models for breast cancer survival.
Speech Recognition Experiments with Perceptrons.
Mixtures of Controllers for Jump Linear and Non-Linear Plants.
Model Based Population Tracking and Automatic Detection of Distribution Changes.
Model Complexity, Goodness of Fit and Diminishing Returns.
Bayesian Predictive Profiles With Applications to Retail Transaction Data.
A Sequence Kernel and its Application to Speaker Recognition.
A Linear Programming Approach to Novelty Detection.
Phonetic Speaker Recognition with Support Vector Machines.
Experiments with Neural Networks for Real Time Implementation of Control.
Incremental Gaussian Processes.
How to Combine Color and Shape Information for 3D Object Recognition: Kernels do the Trick.
Presynaptic Neural Information Processing.
Decomposition of Reinforcement Learning for Admission Control of Self-Similar Call Arrival Processes.
Retinal Processing Emulation in a Programmable 2-Layer Analog Array Processor CMOS Chip.
The Electrotonic Transformation: a Tool for Relating Neuronal Form to Function.
Reconstruction of Sequential Data with Probabilistic Models and Continuity Constraints.
Proximity Graphs for Clustering and Manifold Learning.
Online Learning via Global Feedback for Phrase Recognition.
Operational Fault Tolerance of CMAC Networks.
Learning Many Related Tasks at the Same Time with Backpropagation.
Using the Future to Sort Out the Present: Rankprop and Multitask Learning for Medical Risk Evaluation.
Overfitting in Neural Nets: Backpropagation, Conjugate Gradient, and Early Stopping.
Promoting Poor Features to Supervisors: Some Inputs Work Better as Outputs.
Faster Rates in Regression via Active Learning.
Incorporating Test Inputs into Learning.
A Fast Stochastic Error-Descent Algorithm for Supervised Learning and Optimization.
A Learning Analog Neural Network Chip with Continuous-Time Recurrent Dynamics.
Incremental and Decremental Support Vector Machine Learning.
A Charge-Based Parallel Analog Vector Quantizer.
Analog VLSI Cellular Implementation of the Boundary Contour System.
Gradient Flow Independent Component Analysis in Micropower VLSI.
Tempo tracking and rhythm quantization by sequential Monte Carlo.
On the Generalization Ability of On-Line Learning Algorithms.
Margin-Based Algorithms for Information Filtering.
Incremental Algorithms for Hierarchical Classification.
Worst-Case Analysis of Selective Sampling for Linear-Threshold Algorithms.
Improved risk tail bounds for on-line algorithms.
Forward-Decoding Kernel-Based Phone Recognition.
Sub-Microwatt Analog VLSI Support Vector Machine for Pattern Classification and Sequence Estimation.
Handling Missing Data with Variational Bayesian Learning of ICA.
Layered Dynamic Textures.
Recurrent Cortical Amplification Produces Complex Cell Responses.
All learning is Local: Multi-agent Learning in Global Reward Games.
Playing is believing: The role of beliefs in multi-agent learning.
Using Genetic Algorithms to Improve Pattern Classification Performance.
A Boundary Hunting Radial Basis Function Classifier which Allocates Centers Constructively.
Figure of Merit Training for Detection and Spotting.
Using Voice Transformations to Create Additional Training Talkers for Word Spotting.
Estimating Car Insurance Premia: a Case Study in High-Dimensional Data Inference.
A Machine Learning Approach to Conjoint Analysis.
Incorporating Invariances in Non-Linear Support Vector Machines.
Model Selection for Support Vector Machines.
Transductive Inference for Estimating Values of Functions.
Vicinal Risk Minimization.
Cluster Kernels for Semi-Supervised Learning.
Self-Organizing and Adaptive Algorithms for Generalized Eigen-Decomposition.
A Back-Propagation Algorithm with Optimal Use of Hidden Units.
Dynamic Behavior of Constained Back-Propagation Networks.
Generalization Dynamics in LMS Trained Linear Networks.
Group Redundancy Measures Reveal Redundancy Reduction in the Auditory Pathway.
Information Bottleneck for Gaussian Variables.
Neuronal Regulation Implements Efficient Synaptic Pruning.
Effective Learning Requires Neuronal Remodeling of Hebbian Synapses.
Temporally Dependent Plasticity: An Information Theoretic Account.
Extracting Relevant Structures with Side Information.
Using Machine Learning to Break Visual Human Interaction Proofs (HIPs).
Minimising Contrastive Divergence in Noisy, Mixed-mode VLSI Neurons.
Gaussianization.
Perceiving without Learning: From Spirals to Inside/Outside Relations.
Size Regularized Cut for Data Clustering.
Half-Lives of EigenFlows for Spectral Clustering.
Hierarchical Eigensolver for Transition Matrices in Spectral Methods.
Rapid Quality Estimation of Neural Network Input Representations.
Note on Development of Modularity in Simple Cortical Models.
Mathematical Analysis of Learning Behavior of Neuronal Models.
CCD Neural Network Processors for Pattern Recognition.
On Efficient Heuristic Ranking of Hypotheses.
Optimal Manifold Representation of Data: An Information Theoretic Approach.
A Neural Network Classifier Based on Coding Theory.
VLSI Implementation of a High-Capacity Neural Network Associative Memory.
Optimal Sizes of Dendritic and Axonal Arbors.
Branching Law for Axons.
Wiring Optimization in the Brain
Active Noise Canceling Using Analog Neuro-Chip with On-Chip Learning Capability.
Laterally Interconnected Self-Organizing Maps in Hand-Written Digit Recognition.
Predictive Q-Routing: A Memory-based Reinforcement Learning Approach to Adaptive Traffic Control.
An Environment Model for Nonstationary Reinforcement Learning.
The Capacity of the Kanerva Associative Memory is Exponential.
Modeling Conversational Dynamics as a Mixed-Memory Markov Process.
Speech Recognition Using Connectionist Approaches.
Phase Transitions in Neural Networks.
A Model for Associative Multiplication.
Simulation of the Neocognitron on a CCD Parallel Processing Architecture.
Gene Expression Clustering with Functional Mixture Models.
Generic Analog Neural Computation - The Epsilon Chip.
Representation and Induction of Finite State Machines using Time-Delay Neural Networks.
Parallel Optimization of Motion Controllers via Policy Iteration.
A Dynamical Moedl of Context Dependencies for the Vestibulo-Ocular Reflex.
Biologically Plausible Local Learning Rules for the Adaptation of the Vestibulo-Ocular Reflex.
488 Solutions to the XOR Problem.
WATTLE: A Trainable Gain Analogue VLSI Neural Network.
ICEG Morphology Classification using an Analogue VLSI Neural Network.
A Micropower CMOS Adaptive Amplitude and Shift Invariant Vector Quantiser.
Improving a Page Classifier with Anchor Extraction and Link Analysis.
Context-Dependent Multiple Distribution Phonetic Modeling with MLPs.
Analog LSI Implementation of an Auto-Adaptive Network for Real-Time Separation of Independent Signals.
On Parallel versus Serial Processing: A Computational Study of Visual Search.
Learning to Order Things.
Informed Projections.
Neural Network Exploration Using Optimal Experiment Design.
Robot Learning: Exploration and Continuous Domains.
Minimizing Statistical Bias with Queries.
Active Learning with Statistical Models.
The Missing Link - A Probabilistic Model of Document Content and Hypertext Connectivity.
Predicting Lifetimes in Dynamically Allocated Memory.
Can Neural Networks Do Better Than the Vapnik-Chervonenkis Bounds?
Theories of Access Consciousness.
A B-P ANN Commodity Trader.
Convolution Kernels for Natural Language.
A Generalization of Principal Components Analysis to the Exponential Family.
A Parallel Mixture of SVMs for Very Large Scale Problems.
A Maximum-Likelihood Approach to Modeling Multisensory Enhancement.
Recurrent Networks and NARMA Modeling.
Modern Analytic Techniques to Solve the Dynamics of Recuurent Neural Networks.
Dynamics of Supervised Learning with Restricted Training Sets and Noisy Teachers.
Coupled Dynamics of Fast Neurons and Slow Interactions.
Dynamics of Supervised Learning with Restricted Training Sets.
New Hardware for Massive Neural Networks.
Markov Random Fields Can Bridge Levels of Abstraction.
Distributed Information Regularization on Graphs.
Adding Constrained Discontinuities to Gaussian Process Models of Wind Fields.
Rational Kernels.
Limits in Learning Machine Accuracy Imposed by Data Quality.
Learning Curves: Asymptotic Values and Rate of Convergence.
AUC Optimization vs. Error Rate Minimization.
Confidence Intervals for the Area Under the ROC Curve.
EMPATH: Face, Emotion, and Gender Recognition Using Holons.
The Manhattan World Assumption: Regularities in Scene Statistics which Enable Bayesian Inference.
The g Factor: Relating Distributions on Features to Distributions on Images.
A Phase Space Approach to Minimax Entropy Learning and the Minutemax Approximations.
Model Uncertainty in Classical Conditioning.
Similarity and Discrimination in Classical Conditioning: A Latent Variable Account.
Modeling Temporal Structure in Classical Conditioning.
Neural Networks: The Early Days.
Stochastic Neurodynamics.
Development and Regeneration of Eye-Brain Maps: A Computational Model.
Studies of a Model for the Development and Regeneration of Eye-Brain Maps.
Trait Selection for Assessing Beef Meat Quality Using Non-linear SVM.
Non-Boltzmann Dynamics in Networks of Spiking Neurons.
Margin Analysis of the LVQ Algorithm.
Kernel Design Using Boosting.
Online Classification on a Budget.
Learning from Data of Variable Quality.
Improved Output Coding for Classification Using Continuous Relaxation.
Pranking with Ranking.
Extracting Tree-Structured Representations of Trained Networks.
A Geometric Interpretation of v-SVM Classifiers.
Dynamically Adapting Kernels in Support Vector Machines.
On Kernel-Target Alignment.
Spectral Kernel Methods for Clustering.
An Actor/Critic Algorithm that is Equivalent to Q-Learning.
Improving Elevator Performance Using Reinforcement Learning.
Recovering Perspective Pose with a Dual Step EM Algorithm.
Efficient Approaches to Gaussian Process Classification.
Sparse Representation for Gaussian Process Models.
TAP Gibbs Free Energy, Belief Propagation and Sparsity.
Handwritten Digit Recognition with a Back-Propagation Network.
Optimal Brain Damage.
GEMINI: Gradient Estimation Through Matrix Inversion After Noise Injection.
Second Order Properties of Error Surfaces.
Automatic Learning Rate Maximization in Large Adaptive Machines.
Semigroup Kernels on Finite Sets.
Task and Spatial Frequency Effects on Face Specialization.
Facial Memory Is Kernel Density Estimation (Almost).
Dynamical Causal Learning.
Efficient estimation of hidden state dynamics from spike trains.
Note on Learning Rate Schedules for Stochastic Optimization.
Towards Faster Stochastic Gradient Search.
Example-Based Image Synthesis of Articulated Figures.
Correlation and Interpolation Networks for Real-time Expression Analysis/Synthesis.
Against Edges: Function Approximation with Multiple Support Maps.
Classifying Hand Gestures with a View-Based Distributed Representation.
Active Gesture Recognition using Learned Visual Attention.
Using Prior Knowledge in a {NNPDA} to Learn Context-Free Languages.
Sample Complexity for Learning Recurrent Perceptron Mappings.
A Unified Gradient-Descent/Clustering Architecture for Finite State Machine Induction.
Analysis of a greedy active learning strategy.
Coarse sample complexity bounds for active learning.
PAC Generalization Bounds for Co-training.
Multidimensional Triangulation and Interpolation for Reinforcement Learning.
Mapping Classifier Systems Into Neural Networks.
Timing and Partial Observability in the Dopamine System.
Competition and Arbors in Ocular Dominance.
Motivated Reinforcement Learning.
Navigating Through Temporal Difference.
A Hierarchical Model of Visual Rivalry.
Perturbing Hebbian Rules.
Plasticity Kernels and Temporal Statistics.
Feudal Reinforcement Learning.
Explaining Away in Weight Space.
Statistical Models of Conditioning.
Improving Policies without Measuring Merits.
Adaptation and Unsupervised Learning.
ACh, Uncertainty, and Cortical Inference.
Norepinephrine and Neural Interrupts.
Characterizing Neurons in the Primary Auditory Cortex of the Awake Primate Using Reverse Correlation.
Non-Linear Dimensionality Reduction.
Learning Global Direct Inverse Kinematics.
Global Regularization of Inverse Kinematics for Redundant Manipulators.
An Analog VLSI Model of Adaptation in the Vestibulo-Ocular Reflex.
Optimization Principles for the Neural Code.
Binary Coding in Auditory Cortex.
A Neural Net Model for Adaptive Control of Saccadic Accuracy by Primate Cerebellum and Brainstem.
Higher Order Statistical Decorrelation without Information Loss.
A Neurodynamical Approach to Visual Attention.
Log-Linear Models for Label Ranking.
Multiclass Learning by Probabilistic Embeddings.
Data-Driven Online to Batch Conversions.
The Power of Selective Memory: Self-Bounded Learning of Prediction Suffix Trees.
The Forgetron: A Kernel-Based Perceptron on a Fixed Budget.
An Electronic Photoreceptor Sensitive to Small Changes in Intensity.
Feature Correspondence: A Markov Chain Monte Carlo Approach.
Complexity of Finite Precision Neural Network Classifier.
High Density Associative Memories.
Bayesian inference in spiking neurons.
A New Model of Spatial Representation in Multimodal Brain Areas.
Neural Basis of Object-Centered Representations.
Divisive Normalization, Line Attractor Networks and Ideal Observers.
Neural Network Recognizer for Hand-Written Zip Code Digits.
Transforming Neural-Net Output Levels to Probability Distributions.
Network Generality, Training Required, and Precision Required.
Beyond Gaussian Processes: On the Distributions of Infinite Networks.
Error Bounds for Transductive Learning via Compression and Clustering.
Performance Measures for Associative Memories that Learn and Forget.
'Ensemble' Boltzmann Units have Collective Computational Properties like those of Hopfield and Tank Neurons.
Generalized Nonnegative Matrix Approximations with Bregman Divergences.
Triangle Fixing Algorithms for the Metric Nearness Problem.
Pictorial Structures for Molecular Modeling: Interpreting Density Maps.
Resolving Motion Ambiguities.
An Application of Markov Random Fields to Range Sensing.
Connectionist Modeling and Parallel Architectures.
State Abstraction in MAXQ Hierarchical Reinforcement Learning.
Batch Value Function Approximation via Support Vectors.
Memory-Based Methods for Regression and Classification.
A Comparison of Dynamic Reposing and Tangent Distance for Drug Activity Prediction.
Geometry of Early Stopping in Linear Networks.
A Theoretical Analysis of Robust Coding over Noisy Overcomplete Channels.
Sparse Coding of Natural Images Using an Overcomplete Set of Limited Capacity Units.
Adaptive Nearest Neighbor Classification Using Support Vector Machines.
An Adaptive Metric Machine for Pattern Classification.
Learning from Infinite Data in Finite Time.
Linking Motor Learning to Function Approximation: Learning in an Unlearnable Force Field.
Associative Decorrelation Dynamics: A Theory of Self-Organization and Optimization in Feedback Networks.
Spatiotemporal Coupling and Scaling of Natural Images and Human Visual Sensitivities.
Neuronal Group Selection Theory: A Grounding in Robotics.
When Does Non-Negative Matrix Factorization Give a Correct Decomposition into Parts?
Simulation of Optimal Movements Using the Minimum-Muscle-Tension-Change Model.
Combining Features for BCI.
Increase Information Transfer Rates in BCI by CSP Extension to Multi-class.
Optimizing spatio-temporal filters for improving Brain-Computer Interfacing.
Instabilities in Eye Movement Control: A Model of Periodic Alternating Nystagmus.
High-temperature Expansions for Learning Models of Nonnegative Data.
The Nonnegative Boltzmann Machine.
Temporal Difference Learning in Continuous Time and Space.
Efficient Nonlinear Control with Actor-Tutor Architecture.
Maaping Between Neural and Physical Activities of the Lobster Gastric Mill.
A Novel Reinforcement Model of Birdsong Vocalization Learning.
A Hodgkin-Huxley Type Neuron Model That Learns Slow Non-Spike Oscillations.
Adaptive Synchronization of Neural and Physical Oscillators.
Destabilization and Route to Chaos in Neural Networks with Random Connectivity.
High Order Neural Networks for Efficient Associative Memory Design.
Vertex Identification in High Energy Physics Experiments.
Support Vector Regression Machines.
Boosting Decision Trees.
Improving Performance in Neural Networks Using a Boosting Algorithm.
Connectionist Models for Auditory Scene Analysis.
Correcting sample selection bias in maximum entropy density estimation.
Local Bandit Approximation for Optimal Learning Problems.
Potential Boosters?
Incorporating Second-Order Functional Knowledge for Better Option Pricing.
On a Modification to the Mean Field EM Algorithm in Factorial Learning.
Circuit Optimization Predicts Dynamic Network for Chemosensory Orientation in the Nematode C. elegans.
Phase Diagram and Storage Capacity of Sequence-Storing Neural Networks.
Probabilistic principles in unsupervised learning of visual structure: human data and a model.
A Productive, Systematic Framework for the Representation of Visual Structure.
Analog VLSI Processor Implementing the Continuous Wavelet Transform.
Optimizing Correlation Algorithms for Hardware-Based Transient Classification.
Searching for Character Models.
Making Latin Manuscripts Searchable using gHMMs.
The Sigmoid Nonlinearity in Prepyriform Cortex.
Seeing through water.
Exact differential equation population dynamics for integrate-and-fire neurons.
Prediction on Spike Data Using Kernel Algorithms.
Hidden Markov Model of Cortical Synaptic Plasticity: Derivation of the Learning Rule.
Agnostic Classification of Markovian Sequences.
Iterative Double Clustering for Unsupervised and Semi-Supervised Learning.
The Softmax Nonlinearity: Derivation Using Statistical Mechanics and Useful Properties as a Multiterminal Analog Circuit Element.
Hierarchical Linear/Constant Time SLAM Using Particle Filters for Dense Maps.
Discovering Hidden Variables: A Structure-Based Approach.
Size of Multilayer Networks for Exact Learning: Analytic Approach.
A kernel method for multi-labelled classification.
Developing Topography and Ocular Dominance Using Two aVLSI Vision Sensors and a Neurotrophic Model of Plasticity.
Learning to Control an Octopus Arm with Gaussian Process Temporal Difference Methods.
Analog Neural Networks as Decoders.
Hierarchical Learning Control - An Approach with Neuron-Like Associative Memories.
A Critical Comparison of Models for Orientation and Ocular Dominance Columns in the Striate Cortex.
Decoding of Neuronal Signals in Visual Pattern Recognition.
A General Purpose Image Processing Chip: Orientation Detection.
VLSI Implementation of Motion Centroid Localization for Autonomous Navigation.
VLSI Model of Primate Visual Smooth Pursuit.
VLSI Implementation of Cortical Visual Motion Detection Using an Analog Neural Computer.
An Estimation-Theoretic Framework for the Presentation of Multiple Stimuli.
Neural Representation of Multi-Dimensional Stimuli.
Experts in a Markov Decision Process.
Convergence of Optimistic and Incremental Q-Learning.
The Recurrent Cascade-Correlation Architecture.
The Cascade-Correlation Learning Architecture.
Learning Spatio-Temporal Planning from a Dynamic Programming Teacher: Feed-Forward Neurocontrol for Moving Obstacle Avoidance.
Multiple Timescales of Adaptation in a Neural Code.
Flight Control in the Dragonfly: A Neurobiological Simulation.
An Improved Scheme for Detection and Labelling in Johansson Displays.
Spoken Letter Recognition.
English Alphabet Recognition with Telephone Speech.
How to Combine Expert (and Novice) Advice when Actions Impact the Environment?
Exploration-Exploitation Tradeoffs for Experts Algorithms in Reactive Environments.
Approximate Dynamic Programming via Linear Programming.
Approximate Linear Programming for Average-Cost Dynamic Programming.
A Cost-Shaping LP for Bellman Error Minimization with Performance Guarantees.
Neural Network Weight Matrix Synthesis Using Optimal Control Techniques.
Two view learning: SVM-2K, Theory and Practice.
Speaker Recognition Using Neural Tree Networks.
Categorization Under Complexity: A Unified MDL Account of Human Learning of Regular and Irregular Categories.
Analysis of Sparse Bayesian Learning.
Recovering a Feed-Forward Net From Its Output.
A Passive Shared Element Analog Electrical Cochlea.
Glove-TalkII: Mapping Hand Gestures to Speech Using Neural Networks.
Fast Algorithms for Large-State-Space HMMs with Applications to Web Usage Analysis.
A Rigorous Analysis of Linsker-Type Hebbian Learning.
Ensemble and Modular Approaches for Face Detection: A Comparison.
Learning Hyper-Features for Visual Identification.
Sampling Methods for Unsupervised Learning.
An Autonomous Robotic System for Mapping Abandoned Mines.
High-Speed Airborne Particle Monitoring Using Artificial Neural Networks.
Approximate Policy Iteration with a Policy Language Bias.
On Tropistic Processing and Its Applications.
Finite-Dimensional Approximation of Gaussian Processes.
Neural Network Models of Chemotaxis in the Nematode Caenorhabditis Elegans.
Correlational Strength and Computational Algebra of Synaptic Connections Between Neurons.
Adaptive Sparseness Using Jeffreys Prior.
On-Chip Compensation of Device-Mismatch Effects in Analog VLSI Neural Networks.
Softening Discrete Relaxation.
Designing Linear Threshold Based Neural Network Pattern Classifiers.
Incremental Learning and Selective Sampling via Parametric Optimization Framework for SVM.
Object Classification from a Single Example Utilizing Class Relevance Metrics.
Mutual Boosting for Contextual Inference.
Diffusion Approximations for the Constant Step Size Backpropagation Algorithm and Resistance to Local Minima.
Extended Regularization Methods for Nonconvergent Model Selection.
A Probabilistic Model of Auditory Space Representation in the Barn Owl.
Clustering with the Connectivity Kernel.
A Hidden Markov Model for de Novo Peptide Sequencing.
A Neural Edge-Detection Model for Enhanced Auditory Sensitivity in Modulated Noise.
Learning Joint Statistical Models for Audio-Visual Fusion and Segregation.
Learning Informative Statistics: A Nonparametnic Approach.
Robust design of biological experiments.
The Capacity of a Bump.
Differentiating Functions of the Jacobian with Respect to the Weights.
Recognition-Based Segmentation of On-Line Cursive Handwriting.
The Hopfield Model with Multi-Level Neurons.
Pattern Recognition from One Example by Chopping.
Limitations of Self-organizing Maps for Vector Quantization and Multidimensional Scaling.
Summed Weight Neuron Perturbation: An O(N) Improvement Over Weight Perturbation.
Hippocampal Model of Rat Spatial Abilities Using Temporal Difference Learning.
A Connectionist Expert System that Actually Works.
Improvisation and Learning.
Linear Combinations of Optic Flow Vectors for Estimating Self-Motion - a Real-World Test of a Neural Model.
Implicit Wiener Series for Higher-Order Image Analysis.
A Novel Approach to Prediction of the 3-Dimensional Structures.
Computer Recognition of Wave Location in Graphical Data by a Neural Network.
Learning to Estimate Scenes from Images.
Shape Recipes: Scene Representations that Refer to the Image.
Bayesian Model of Surface Perception.
Global Optimisation of Neural Network Models via Sequential Sampling.
Regularisation in Sequential Learning Algorithms.
Fast Krylov Methods for N-Body Learning.
Catastrophic Interference in Connectionist Networks: Can It Be Predicted, Can It Be Prevented?
Unsupervised Learning of Distributions of Binary Vectors Using 2-Layer Networks.
Information, Prediction, and Query by Committee.
Continuous Sigmoidal Belief Networks Trained using Slice Sampling.
Local Probability Propagation for Factor Analysis.
Mixture Modeling by Affinity Propagation.
Does the Wake-sleep Algorithm Produce Good Density Estimators?
Fast, Large-Scale Transformation-Invariant Clustering.
Accumulator Networks: Suitors of Local Probability Propagation.
ALGONQUIN - Learning Dynamic Noise Models From Noisy Speech for Robust Speech Recognition.
Product Analysis: Learning to Model Observations as Products of Hidden Variables.
Very loopy belief propagation for unwrapping phase images.
A Revolution: Belief Propagation in Graphs with Cycles.
Sequentially Fitting ``Inclusive'' Trees for Inference in Noisy-OR Networks.
Simple Spin Models for the Development of Ocular Dominance Columns and Iso-Orientation Patches.
Adaptive Spline Networks.
Efficient Bayesian Parameter Estimation in Large Discrete Domains.
Adaptively Growing Hierarchical Mixtures of Experts.
Kohonen Feature Maps and Growing Cell Structures - a Performance Comparison.
Supervised Learning with Growing Cell Structures.
A Growing Neural Gas Network Learns Topologies.
Proximity Effect Corrections in Electron Beam Lithography.
Active Learning in Multilayer Perceptrons.
Critical Lines in Symmetry of Mixture Models and its Application to Component Splitting.
Statistical Convergence of Kernel CCA.
Kernel Dimensionality Reduction for Supervised Learning.
Knowledge-Based Support Vector Machine Classifiers.
Learning Rankings via Convex Hull Separation.
Connectionist Speaker Normalization with Generalized Resource Allocating Networks.
Extraction of Temporal Features in the Electrosensory System of Weakly Electric Fish.
Joint Probabilistic Curve Clustering and Alignment.
Factored Semi-Tied Covariance Matrices.
Discovering High Order Features with Mean Field Modules.
Probabilistic Inference of Hand Motion from Neural Activity in Motor Cortex.
Discriminant Saliency for Visual Recognition from Cluttered Scenes.
Reasoning about Time and Knowledge in Neural Symbolic Learning Systems.
A Connectionist Model for Constructive Modal Reasoning.
Large-Scale Multiclass Transduction.
Observability of Neural Network Behavior.
Stability and Observability.
A Short-Term Memory Architecture for the Learning of Morphophonemic Rules.
Statistical Modeling of Cell Assemblies Activities in Associative Cortex of Behaving Monkeys.
Synergy and Redundancy among Brain Cells of Behaving Monkeys.
Cycles: A Simulation Tool for Studying Cyclic Neural Networks.
Temporal Patterns of Activity in Neural Networks.
A Randomized Algorithm for Pairwise Clustering.
Products of Edge-perts.
Coupled Markov Random Fields and Mean Field Theory.
Learning How to Teach or Selecting Minimal Surface Data.
Features as Sufficient Statistics.
Fast biped walking with a reflexive controller and real-time policy searching.
Stochastic Mixed-Signal VLSI Architecture for High-Dimensional Kernel Machines.
A New Approximate Maximal Margin Classification Algorithm.
Fast Feature Selection from Microarray Expression Data via Multiplicative Large Margin Algorithms.
Linear Hinge Loss and Average Margin.
Analogy - Watershed or Waterloo? Structural Alignment and the Development of Connectionist Models of Cognition.
Associative Memory in a Network of `Biological' Neurons.
How to Describe Neuronal Activity: Spikes, Rates, or Assemblies?
Factorial Learning and the EM Algorithm.
Propagation Algorithms for Variational Bayesian Learning.
Variational Inference for Bayesian Mixtures of Factor Analysers.
Bayesian Sets.
Hierarchical Non-linear Factor Analysis and Topographic Maps.
Supervised learning from incomplete data via an EM approach.
Factorial Hidden Markov Models.
Learning Nonlinear Dynamical Systems Using an EM Algorithm.
Computational Structure of coordinate transformations: A generalization study.
Emergence of Global Structure from Local Associations.
Effects of Spatial and Temporal Contiguity on the Acquisition of Spatial Information.
Multi-Task Learning for Stock Selection.
Instance-Based Relevance Feedback for Image Retrieval.
Query by Committee Made Real.
Encoding Geometric Invariances in Higher-Order Neural Networks.
Extracting and Learning an Unknown Grammar with Recurrent Neural Networks.
Higher Order Recurrent Networks and Grammatical Inference.
Combined Neural Networks for Time Series Analysis.
Correlation Functions in a Large Stochastic Network.
Gaussian Process Priors with Uncertain Inputs - Application to Multiple-Step Ahead Time Series Forecasting.
Simplicial Mixtures of Markov Chains: Distributed Modelling of Dynamic User Profiles.
Extensions of a Theory of Networks for Approximation and Learning.
Comparing the Performance of Connectionist and Statistical Classifiers on an Image Segmentation Problem.
Adaptive Development of Connectionist Decoders for Complex Error-Correcting Codes.
A Network of Localized Linear Discriminants.
Euclidean Embedding of Co-Occurrence Data.
Metric Learning by Collapsing Classes.
A Massively-Parallel {SIMD} Processor for Neural Network and Machine Vision Applications.
What Does the Hippocampus Compute?: A Precis of the 1993 NIPS Workshop.
Adaptive Stimulus Representations: A Computational Theory of Hippocampal-Region Functions.
Constraints on Adaptive Networks for Modeling Human Generalization.
Perceiving Complex Visual Scenes: An Oscillator Neural Network Model that Integrates Selective Attention, Perceptual Organization, and Invariant Recognition.
A Second-Order Translation, Rotation and Scale Invariant Neural Network.
New Algorithms for 2D and 3D Point Matching: Pose Estimation and Correspondence.
Clustering with a Domain-Specific Distance Measure.
Softassign versus Softmax: Benchmarks in Combinatorial Optimization.
Learning with Preknowledge: Clustering with Point and Graph Matching Distance Measures.
Using Backpropagation with Temporal Windows to Learn the Dynamics of the CMU Direct-Drive Arm II.
Regression with Input-dependent Noise: A Gaussian Process Treatment.
Hierarchical Clustering of a Mixture Model.
Neighbourhood Components Analysis.
Probabilistic Characterization of Neural Model Computations.
Kirchoff Law Markov Fields for Analog Circuit Design.
Interpolating between types and tokens by estimating power-law generators.
Generalization in Decision Trees and DNF: Does Size Matter?
On Learning -Perceptron Networks with Binary Weights.
Discriminative Direction for Kernel Classifiers.
SEXNET: A Neural Network Identifies Sex From Human Faces.
Recognition of Manipulated Objects by Motor Learning.
Topography and Ocular Dominance with Positive Correlations.
A Mathematical Model of Axon Guidance by Diffusible Factors.
Gradients for Retinotectal Mapping.
Optimizing Cortical Mappings.
An Information Theoretic Approach to Rule-Based Connectionist Expert Systems.
Reinforcement Learning with Function Approximation Converges to a Region.
Generalized Linear Models.
Stable Fitted Reinforcement Learning.
Neural Network Routing for Random Multistage Interconnection Networks.
Harmony Networks Do Not Work.
The Kernel Gibbs Sampler.
Invariant Pattern Recognition by Semi-Definite Programming Machines.
Classification on Pairwise Proximity Data.
Semi-Definite Programming by Perceptron Learning.
Bayesian Transduction.
From Margin to Sparsity.
Address Block Location with a Neural Net System.
Parallel Support Vector Machines: The Cascade SVM.
Reconfigurable Neural Net Chip with 32K Connections.
Image Segmentation with Networks of Variable States.
Insights from Machine Learning Applied to Human Visual Classification.
Capacity and Information Efficiency of a Brain-like Associative Net.
Neural Network Simulation of Somatosensory Representational Plasticity.
Adaptive Caching by Refetching.
Semi-supervised Learning by Entropy Minimization.
Adaptive Scaling for Feature Selection in SVMs.
Outcomes of the Equivalence of Adaptive Ridge with Least Absolute Shrinkage.
A Probabilistic Interpretation of SVMs with an Application to Unbalanced Classification.
Partitioning of Sensory Data by a Cortical Network.
Familiarity Discrimination of Radar Pulses.
Automatic Derivation of Statistical Algorithms: The EM Family and Beyond.
`N-Body' Problems in Statistical Learning.
Dynamic Features for Visual Speechreading: A Systematic Comparison.
Selective Integration: A Model for Disparity Estimation.
A Comparison of Image Processing Techniques for Visual Speech Recognition Applications.
Network Generalization for Production: Learning and Producing Styled Letterforms.
Variance Reduction Techniques for Gradient Estimates in Reinforcement Learning.
Learning in Computer Vision and Image Understanding.
Remote Sensing Image Analysis via a Texture Classification Neural Network.
Combined Neural Network and Rule-Based Framework for Probabilistic Pattern Recognition and Discovery.
Infinite latent feature models and the Indian buffet process.
Prediction and Semantic Association.
Integrating Topics and Syntax.
Using Vocabulary Knowledge in Bayesian Multinomial Estimation.
From Algorithmic to Subjective Randomness.
The Interplay of Symbolic and Subsymbolic Processes in Anagram Problem Solving.
A Bilinear Model for Sparse Coding.
ARTEX: A Self-organizing Architecture for Classifying Image Regions.
The CHIR Algorithm for Feed Forward Networks with Binary Weights.
Use of Bad Training Data for Better Predictions.
Learning by Choice of Internal Representations.
Linear Concepts and Hidden Variables: An Empirical Study.
Dopamine Modulation in a Basal Ganglio-cortical Network Implements Saliency-based Gating of Working Memory.
Dopamine Induced Bistability Enhances Signal Processing in Spiny Neurons.
Factorization with Uncertainty and Missing Data: Exploiting Temporal Coherence.
Rates of Convergence of Performance Gradient Estimates Using Function Approximation and Bias in Reinforcement Learning.
A model of transparent motion and non-transparent motion aftereffects.
Detection of First and Second Order Motion.
Fast Neural Network Emulation of Dynamical Systems for Computer Animation.
A Computationally Robust Anatomical Model for Retinal Directional Selectivity.
Multiagent Planning with Factored MDPs.
A Reinforcement Learning Variant for Control Scheduling.
Learning Control Under Extreme Uncertainty.
Convergence of Indirect Adaptive Asynchronous Value Iteration Algorithms.
Computing the Solution Path for the Regularized Support Vector Regression.
Efficient Design of Boltzmann Machines.
The Power of Approximation: A Comparison of Activation Functions.
A Connectionist Learning Approach to Analyzing Linguistic Stress.
Automatic Capacity Tuning of Very Large VC-Dimension Classifiers.
Result Analysis of the NIPS 2003 Feature Selection Challenge.
Structural Risk Minimization for Character Recognition.
Directional Hearing by the Mauthner System.
A Neural Network Model of Naive Preference and Filial Imprinting in the Domestic Chick.
Escaping the Convex Hull with Extrapolated Vector Machines.
Multi-State Time Delay Networks for Continuous Speech Recognition.
A Spike Based Learning Neuron in Analog VLSI.
Permitted and Forbidden Sets in Symmetric Threshold-Linear Networks.
A theory of neural integration in the head-direction system.
The Effect of Correlated Input Data on the Dynamics of Learning.
Theory of localized synfire chain: characteristic propagation speed of stable spike pattern.
Learning the k in k-means.
Benchmarking Feed-Forward Neural Networks: Models and Measures.
Programmable Analog Pulse-Firing Neural Networks.
The Connectivity Analysis of Simple Association.
Shooting Craps in Search of an Optimal Strategy for Training Connectionist Pattern Classifiers.
Connectionist Architectures for Multi-Speaker Phoneme Recognition.
Hot Coupling: A Particle Approach to Inference and Normalization on Pairwise Undirected Graphs.
Implementation of Neural Hardware with the Neural VLSI of URAN in Applications with Reduced Representations.
The Geometry of Eye Rotations and Listing's Law.
An Improved Policy Iteration Algorithm for Partially Observable MDPs.
Bayesian Averaging is Well-Temperated.
Reinforcement Learning for Mixed Open-loop and Closed-loop Control.
Meiosis Networks.
Minkowski-r Back-Propagation: Learning in Connectionist Models with Non-Euclidian Error Signals.
Spherical Units as Dynamic Consequential Regions.
Comparing Biases for Minimal Network Construction with Back-Propagation.
Constraint Classification for Multiclass Classification and Ranking.
Kernel Feature Spaces and Nonlinear Blind Souce Separation.
Advantage Updating Applied to a Differrential Game.
Designing Application-Specific Neural Networks Using the Genetic Algorithm.
Mechanisms for Neuromodulation of Biological Neural Networks.
An Analog VLSI Chip for Thin-Plate Surface Interpolation.
Segmentation Circuits Using Constrained Optimization.
An Analog Implementation of the Constant Average Statistics Constraint For Sensor Calibration.
A Neuromorphic Monaural Sound Localizer.
A Low-Power Analog VLSI Visual Collision Detector.
An Analog VLSI Model of the Fly Elementary Motion Detector.
A Self-Learning Neural Network.
Multiple Paired Forward-Inverse Models for Human Motor Learning and Control.
Single Transistor Learning Synapses.
Cholinergic Modulation May Enhance Cortical Associative Memory Function.
Cholinergic suppression of transmission may allow combined associative memory function and self-organization in the neocortex.
A model of the hippocampus combibing self-organization and associative memory function.
Optimal Training Algorithms and their Relation to Backpropagation.
Second Order Derivatives for Network Pruning: Optimal Brain Surgeon.
Optimality Criteria for LMS and Backpropagation.
Optimal Brain Surgeon: Extensions and performance comparison.
Independent Components Analysis through Product Density Estimation.
The Entire Regularization Path for the Support Vector Machine.
Learning Prototype Models for Tangent Distance.
Discriminant Adaptive Nearest Neighbor Classification and Regression.
Classification by Pairwise Coupling.
Boosting versus Covering.
Linear Program Approximations for Factored Continuous-State Markov Decision Processes.
Estimating Average-Case Learning Curves Using Bayesian, Statistical Physics and VC Dimension Methods.
A Neural Expert System with Automated Extraction of Fuzzy If-Then Rules.
Viewing Classifier Systems as Model Free Learning in POMDPs.
Support Vector Novelty Detection Applied to Jet Engine Vibration Spectra.
Laplacian Score for Feature Selection.
Tensor Subspace Analysis.
Classifying Patterns of Visual Motion - a Neuromorphic Approach.
Categorization by Learning and Combining Object Parts.
Unsupervised On-line Learning of Decision Trees for Hierarchical Data Analysis.
Visualizing Group Structure.
Worst-case Loss Bounds for Single Neurons.
Rational Parametrizations of Neural Networks.
Spreading Activation over Distributed Microfeatures.
A Computational Mechanism to Account for Averaged Modified Hand Trajectories.
A Simple and Fast Neural Network Approach to Stereovision.
Eye Micro-movements Improve Stimulus Detection Beyond the Nyquist Limit in the Peripheral Retina.
A PAC-Bayesian Margin Bound for Linear Classifiers: Why SVMs work.
Large Scale Bayes Point Machines.
Algorithmic Luckiness.
Envelope-based Planning in Relational MDPs.
Hierarchical Memory-Based Reinforcement Learning.
Unsupervised and Supervised Clustering: The Mutual Information between Parameters and Observations.
Audio-Visual Sound Separation Via Hidden Markov Models.
Audio Vision: Using Audio-Visual Synchrony to Locate Sounds.
Statistical Mechanics of Temporal Association in Neural Networks.
Stable Fixed Points of Loopy Belief Propagation Are Local Minima of the Bethe Free Energy.
Practical Confidence and Prediction Intervals.
Balancing Between Bagging and Bumping.
Selecting Weighting Factors in Logarithmic Opinion Pools.
Approximate Expectation Maximization.
Learning Fuzzy Rule-Based Neural Networks for Control.
An Integrated Vision Sensor for the Computation of Optical Flow Singular Points.
Hierarchical Recurrent Neural Networks for Long-Term Dependencies.
HARMONET: A Neural Net for Harmonizing Chorales in the Style of J. S. Bach.
Connected Letter Recognition with a Multi-State Time Delay Neural Network.
Functional Models of Selective Attention and Context Dependency.
An Auditory Paradigm for Brain-Computer Interfaces.
Spiking Boltzmann Machines.
Learning to Parse Images.
Learning Representations by Recirculation.
Inferring Motor Programs from Images of Handwritten Digits.
Stochastic Neighbor Embedding.
Using Pairs of Data-Points to Define Splits for Decision Trees.
Recognizing Handwritten Digits Using Mixtures of Linear Models.
Wormholes Improve Contrastive Divergence.
Adaptive Elastic Models for Hand-Printed Character Recognition.
Autoencoders, Minimum Description Length and Helmholtz Free Energy.
A 1, 000-Neuron System with One Million 7-bit Physical Interconnections.
Physiologically Based Speech Synthesis.
Inverse Dynamics of Speech Motor Control.
Forward Dynamics Modeling of Speech Motor Control Using Physiological Data.
Models Wanted: Must Fit Dimensions of Sleep and Dreaming.
Beyond Maximum Likelihood and Density Estimation: A Sample-Based Criterion for Unsupervised Learning of Complex Models.
Coulomb Classifiers: Generalizing Support Vector Machines via an Analogy to Electrostatic Systems.
Feature Selection and Classification on Matrix Data: From Large Margins to Small Covering Numbers.
Simplifying Neural Nets by Discovering Flat Minima.
LSTM can Solve Hard Long Time Lag Problems.
Source Separation as a By-Product of Regularization.
Learning the Similarity of Documents: An Information-Geometric Approach to Document Retrieval and Categorization.
Multidimensional Scaling and Data Clustering.
Active Data Clustering.
Learning from Dyadic Data.
Discovering Structure in Continuous Variables Using Bayesian Networks.
Nonlinear Markov Networks for Continuous Variables.
The Cerebellum Chip: an Analog VLSI Implementation of a Cerebellar Model of Classical Conditioning.
Bayesian Modelling of fMRI lime Series.
Ensemble Learning and Linear Response Theory for ICA.
VLSI Implementations of Learning and Memory Systems.
Call-Based Fraud Detection in Mobile Communication Networks Using a Hierarchical Regime-Switching Model.
Schema Learning: Experience-Based Construction of Predictive Action Models.
Pulsestream Synapses with Non-Volatile Analogue Amorphous-Silicon Memories.
A Digital Antennal Lobe for Pattern Equalization: Analysis and Design.
Unsupervised Variational Bayesian Learning of Nonlinear Models.
Computing with Action Potentials.
An Auditory Localization and Coordinate Transform Chip.
An Analog VLSI Saccadic Eye Movement System.
A Delay-Line Based Motion Detection Chip.
Analog VLSI Circuits for Attention-Based, Visual Tracking.
A Self-organizing Associative Memory System for Control Applications.
The Method of Quantum Clustering.
Distributed Synchrony of Spiking Neurons in a Hebbian Cell Assembly.
Oscillatory Model of Short Term Memory.
An experimental comparison of recurrent neural networks.
Bounds on the Complexity of Recurrent Neural Network Implementations of Finite State Machines.
MELONET I: Neural Nets for Inventing Baroque-Style Chorale Variations.
Adaptation in Speech Motor Control.
Schema for Motor Control Utilizing a Network Model of the Cerebellum.
Bayesian Reconstruction of 3D Human Motion from Single-Camera Video.
Gradient and Hamiltonian Dynamics Applied to Learning in Neural Networks.
Interpreting Neural Response Variability as Monte Carlo Sampling of the Posterior.
Limiting Form of the Sample Covariance Eigenspectrum in PCA and Kernel PCA.
Adaptive Quantization and Density Estimation in Silicon.
Experimental Demonstrations of Optical Neural Computers.
A Silicon Primitive for Competitive Learning.
Non-iterative Estimation with Perturbed Gaussian Markov Processes.
Response Analysis of Neuronal Population with Synaptic Depression.
Neural Net and Traditional Classifiers.
HMM Speech Recognition with Neural Net Discrimination.
A Comparison of Projection Pursuit and Neural Network Regression Modeling.
A Generalized Bradley-Terry Model: From Group Competition to Individual Skill.
Graph Matching for Shape Retrieval.
Artefactual Structure from Least-Squares Multidimensional Scaling.
Markov Models for Automated ECG Interval Analysis.
A Network for Image Segmentation Using Color.
Learning Cue-Invariant Visual Responses.
Temporal Coherence, Natural Image Sequences, and the Visual Cortex.
Function Approximation with the Sweeping Hinge Algorithm.
Distribution of Mutual Information.
New Approximations of Differential Entropy for Independent Component Analysis and Projection Pursuit.
Emergence of Topography and Complex Cell Properties from Natural Images using Extensions of ICA.
Sparse Code Shrinkage: Denoising by Nonlinear Maximum Likelihood Estimation.
Using a Translation-Invariant Neural Network to Diagnose Heart Arrhythmia.
One-unit Learning Rules for Independent Component Analysis.
Message Errors in Belief Propagation.
Efficient Multiscale Sampling from Products of Gaussian Mixtures.
Dynamically Adaptable CMOS Winner-Take-All Neural Network.
Learning Attractor Landscapes for Learning Motor Primitives.
Convergence of the Wake-Sleep Algorithm.
Information Geometrical Framework for Analyzing Belief Propagation Decoder.
Neuromorphic Bistable VLSI Synapses with Spike-Timing-Dependent Plasticity.
Parallel analog VLSI architectures for computation of heading direction and time-to-contact.
A Neural Network for Feature Extraction.
Exploratory Feature Extraction in Speech Signals.
On the Use of Projection Pursuit Constraints for Training Neural Networks.
3D Object Recognition Using Unsupervised Feature Extraction.
Learning to Find Pictures of People.
The Parallel Problems Server: an Interactive Tool for Large Scale Machine Learning.
Cobot: A Social Reinforcement Learning Agent.
Restructuring Sparse High Dimensional Data for Effective Retrieval.
Speech Recognition Using Demi-Syllable Neural Prediction Model.
Bayesian Surprise Attracts Human Attention.
Modeling the Modulatory Effect of Attention on Human Spatial Vision.
A Model of Early Visual Processing.
Attentional Modulation of Human Pattern Discrimination Psychophysics Reproduced by a Quantitative Model.
Parametric Embedding for Class Visualization.
Exploiting Generative Models in Discriminative Classifiers.
Recursive Algorithms for Approximating Probabilities in Graphical Models.
Convergence of Stochastic Iterative Dynamic Programming Algorithms.
Maximum Entropy Discrimination.
Active Information Retrieval.
Reinforcement Learning Algorithm for Partially Observable Markov Decision Problems.
Fast Learning by Bounding Likelihoods in Sigmoid Type Belief Networks.
ANN Board Classification for Heart Defibrillators.
A Novel Channel Selection System in Cochlear Implants Using Artificial Neural Network.
Learning Sparse Perceptrons.
Competence Acquisition in an Autonomous Mobile Robot using Hardware Neural Techniques.
Visual Development Aids the Acquisition of Motion Velocity Sensitivities.
A Competitive Modular Connectionist Architecture.
Fragment Completion in Humans and Machines.
Adaptive Nonlinear System Identification with Echo State Networks.
Efficient Estimation of OOMs.
Neural Network Models for Optimization Problems.
Generalization Performance in PARSEC - A Structured Connectionist Parsing Architecture.
Incremental Parsing by Modular Recurrent Connectionist Networks.
Representing Part-Whole Relationships in Recurrent Neural Networks.
The Error Coding and Substitution PaCTs.
SARDNET: A Self-Organizing Feature Map for Sequences.
A Probabilistic Approach to Single Channel Blind Signal Separation.
An Optimization Network for Matrix Inversion.
On Reversing Jensen's Inequality.
Maximum Conditional Likelihood via Bound Maximization and the CEM Algorithm.
The Laplacian PDF Distance: A Cost Function for Clustering in a Kernel Feature Space.
Is Early Vision Optimized for Extracting Higher-order Dependencies?
Neural System Model of Human Sound Localization.
Identifying Fault-Prone Software Modules Using Feed-Forward Networks: A Case Study.
Spectral Cues in Human Sound Localization.
The Cocktail Party Problem: Speech/Data Signal Separation Comparison between Backpropagation and SONN.
A Probabilistic Approach for Optimizing Spectral Clustering.
Learning Trajectory and Force Control of an Artificial Muscle Arm.
Learning with Multiple Labels.
An Iterative Improvement Procedure for Hierarchical Clustering.
Digital Realisation of Self-Organizing Maps.
Odor Encoding by the Olfactory System - from Biology to a Receptorless Artificial Nose.
Walk-Sum Interpretation and Analysis of Gaussian Belief Propagation.
Maximal Margin Labeling for Multi-Topic Text Categorization.
Topographic Transformation as a Discrete Latent Variable.
Direct Multi-Step Time Series Prediction Using TD-lambda.
Using epitomes to model genetic diversity: Rational design of HIV vaccines.
An Integrated Architecture of Adaptive Neural Network Control for Dynamic Systems.
Integrate-and-Fire models with adaptation are good enough.
A Bound on the Error of Cross Validation Using the Approximation and Estimation Rates, with Consequences for the Training-Test Split.
Automated State Abstraction for Options using the U-Tree Algorithm.
Approximate Planning in Large POMDPs via Reusable Trajectories.
Hidden Markov Decision Trees.
Algorithms for Interdependent Security Games.
Learning to Control an Unstable System with Forward Modeling.
Inference in Multilayer Networks via Large Deviation Bounds.
Hierarchies of Adaptive Experts.
Finite-Sample Convergence Rates for Q-Learning and Indirect Algorithms.
The Role of Activity in Synaptic Competition at the Neuromuscular Junction.
Capacity for Patterns and Sequences in Kanerva's SDM as Compared to Other Associative Memory Models.
Constant-Time Loading of Shallow 1-Dimensional Networks.
A Self-Organizing Integrated Segmentation and Recognition Neural Net.
Nets with Unreliable Hidden Nodes Learn Error-Correcting Codes.
Integrated Segmentation and Recognition of Hand-Printed Numerals.
Generalization Error Bounds for Aggregation by Mirror Descent with Averaging.
A matching pursuit approach to sparse Gaussian process regression.
Stochastic Hillclimbing as a Baseline Mathod for Evaluating Genetic Algorithms.
Evolution and Learning in Neural Networks.
Subject-Independent Magnetoencephalographic Source Localization by a Multilayer Perceptron.
Retinogeniculate Development: The Role of Competition and Correlated Retinal Activity.
Extended ICA Removes Artifacts from Electroencephalographic Recordings.
Intrinsic Dimension Estimation Using Packing Numbers.
Analyzing and Visualizing Single-Trial Event-Related Potentials.
Generalization Error and Algorithmic Convergence of Median Boosting.
Replay, Repair and Consolidation.
Sparse Representation and Its Applications in Blind Source Separation.
A Neural Model of Visual Contour Integration.
Regular and Irregular Gallager-zype Error-Correcting Codes.
A Polygonal Line Algorithm for Constructing Principal Curves.
The Belief in TAP.
Optimizing Classifers for Imbalanced Training Sets.
A V1 Model of Pop Out and Asymmetty in Visual Search.
Recursive Estimation of Dynamic Modular RBF Networks.
A Model for Learning Variance Components of Natural Images.
Can VI Mechanisms Account for Figure-Ground and Medial Axis Effects?
Sequential Adaptation of Radial Basis Function Networks.
Boosting on Manifolds: Adaptive Regularization of Base Classifiers.
Analysis of Information in Speech Based on MANOVA.
Benchmarking Non-Parametric Statistical Tests.
A Natural Policy Gradient.
Decoding V1 Neuronal Activity using Particle Filtering with Volterra Kernels.
Dopamine Bonuses.
Semi-Supervised Learning with Trees.
Acquisition in Autoshaping.
Spike-Based Compared to Rate-Based Hebbian Learning.
From Batch to Transductive Online Learning.
Temporal coding in the sub-millisecond range: Model of barn owl auditory pathway.
Economic Properties of Social Networks.
Effects of Firing Synchrony on Signal Propagation in Layered Networks.
Online Bounds for Bayesian Algorithms.
3 state neurons for contextual processing.
Worst-Case Bounds for Gaussian Process Models.
Order Reduction for Dynamical Systems Describing the Behavior of Complex Neurons.
Hippocampally-Dependent Consolidation in a Hierarchical Model of Neocortex.
Context-Dependent Classes in a Hybrid Recurrent Network-HMM Speech Recognition System.
Convergence and Pattern-Stabilization in the Boltzmann Machine.
Comparison Training for a Rescheduling Problem in Neural Networks.
Fast Non-Linear Dimension Reduction.
Efficiency versus Convergence of Boolean Kernels for On-Line Learning Algorithms.
Classifying with Gaussian Mixtures and Clusters.
Stereopsis by a Neural Network Which Learns the Constraints.
Generation of Internal Representation by alpha.
Face Detection - Efficient and Rank Deficient.
Unification of Information Maximization and Minimization.
Neural Network Computation by In Vitro Transcriptional Circuits.
Collective Oscillations in the Visual Cortex.
Robust Fisher Discriminant Analysis.
Learning Semantic Similarity.
An MCMC-Based Method of Comparing Connectionist Models in Cognitive Science.
Contour-Map Encoding of Shape for Early Vision.
Analog VLSI Implementation of Gradient Descent.
Statistical Mechanics of the Mixture of Experts.
A Model of Neural Oscillator for a Unified Submodule.
Fast Transformation-Invariant Factor Analysis.
Constrained Optimization Applied to the Parameter Setting Problem for Analog Circuits.
How the Catfish Tracks Its Prey: An Interactive 'Pipelined' Processing System May Direct Foraging via Reticulospinal Neurons.
The Statistical Mechanics of k-Satisfaction.
Hyperparameter and Kernel Learning for Graph Based Semi-Supervised Classification.
Learning to Classify Galaxy Shapes Using the EM Algorithm.
Boltzmann Machine Learning Using Mean Field Theory and Linear Response Correction.
S-Map: A Network with a Simple Self-Organization Algorithm for Generative Topographic Mappings.
Second Order Approximations for Probability Models.
Online Learning with Kernels.
Novel iteration schemes for the Cluster Variation Method.
Relative Loss Bounds for Multidimensional Regression Problems.
Generalizable Singular Value Decomposition for Ill-posed Datasets.
Natural Language Grammar Induction Using a Constituent-Context Model.
Fast Exact Inference with a Factored Model for Natural Language Parsing.
Synchronization of neural networks by mutual learning and its application to cryptography.
Small-World Phenomena and the Dynamics of Information.
An Impossibility Theorem for Clustering.
Nearly Tight Bounds for the Continuum-Armed Bandit Problem.
Measuring Shared Information and Coordinated Activity in Neuronal Networks.
Real-Time Computer Vision and Robotics Using Analog VLSI Circuits.
Computing Motion Using Resistive Networks.
Object-Based Analog VLSI Vision Circuits.
Exploring Unknown Environments with Real-Time Search or Reinforcement Learning.
Incremental A*.
A Dynamic HMM for On-line Segmentation of Sequential Data.
Analysis of Drifting Dynamics with Neural Network Hidden Markov Models.
Software for ANN Training on a Ring Array Processor.
Neural Networks with Quadratic VC Dimension.
Asymptotic Theory for Regularization: One-Dimensional Linear Case.
Kernel Regression and Backpropagation Training With Noise.
Fool's Gold: Extracting Finite State Machines from Recurrent Network Dynamics.
Back Propagation is Sensitive to Initial Conditions.
Optimal Aggregation of Classifiers and Boosting Maps in Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging.
Some New Bounds on the Generalization Error of Combined Classifiers.
Speech Production Using A Neural Network with a Cooperative Learning Mechanism.
Actor-Critic Algorithms.
REMAP: Recursive Estimation and Maximization of A Posteriori Probabilities - Application to Transition-Based Connectionist Speech Recognition.
Modeling Consistency in a Speaker Independent Continuous Speech Recognition System.
Song Learning in Birds.
Probabilistic Inference in Human Sensorimotor Processing.
The Emergence of Multiple Movement Units in the Presence of Noise and Feedback Delay.
Sparsity of Data Representation of Optimal Kernel Machine and Leave-one-out Estimator.
Some Estimates on the Number of Connections and Hidden Units for Feed-Forward Networks.
Counting Function Theorem for Multi-Layer Networks.
Generalisation in Feedforward Networks.
MLP Can Provably Generalize Much Better than VC-bounds Indicate.
Examples of learning curves from a modified VC-formalism.
Kernel Machines and Boolean Functions.
Newscast EM.
Efficient Parallel Learning Algorithms for Neural Networks.
Compact EEPROM-based Weight Functions.
Inference with Minimal Communication: a Decision-Theoretic Variational Approach.
Finite State Automata that Recurrent Cascade-Correlation Cannot Represent.
On Semi-Supervised Classification.
Keeping Flexible Active Contours on Track using Metropolis Updates.
Dynamics of Generalization in Linear Perceptrons.
A Simple Weight Decay Can Improve Generalization.
Prediction of Beta Sheets in Proteins.
A Cost Function for Internal Representations.
Neural Network Ensembles, Cross Validation, and Active Learning.
An Adaptive WTA using Floating Gate Technology.
Analog Computation at a Critical Point.
Generalization in Clustering with Unobserved Features.
ALCOVE: A Connectionist Model of Human Category Learning.
"Neurolocator", A Model of Attention.
Radial Basis Function Networks and Complexity Regularization in Function Learning.
Variable KD-Tree Algorithms for Spatial Pattern Search and Discovery.
An Application of Boosting to Graph Classification.
Learning Time-Varying Concepts.
Incrementally Learning Time-Varying Half Planes.
Discriminative Fields for Modeling Spatial Dependencies in Natural Images.
Smart Vision Chip Fabricated Using Three Dimensional Integration Technology.
Assessing Approximations for Gaussian Process Classification.
Perturbative M-Sequences for Auditory Systems Identification.
Real-Time Particle Filters.
Eigenvoice Speaker Adaptation via Composite Kernel PCA.
Information Diffusion Kernels.
Rodeo: Sparse Nonparametric Regression in High Dimensions.
Model-Free Least-Squares Policy Iteration.
Learning in Zero-Sum Team Markov Games Using Factored Value Functions.
Methods Towards Invasive Human Brain Computer Interfaces.
Minimax Probability Machine.
Robust Novelty Detection with Single-Class MPM.
Learning Human-like Knowledge by Singular Value Decomposition: A Progress Report.
An Oculo-Motor System with Multi-Chip Neuromorphic Analog VLSI Control.
Multi-Layer Perceptrons with B-Spline Receptive Field Functions.
Fixing two weaknesses of the Spectral Method.
Beat Tracking the Graphical Model Way.
Dimensionality Reduction and Prior Knowledge in E-Set Recognition.
Dynamically-Adaptive Winner-Take-All Networks.
Fusion of Similarity Data in Clustering.
Stability-Based Model Selection.
Dynamic, Non-Local Role Bindings and Inferencing in a Localist Network for Natural Language Understanding.
A Generic Approach for Identification of Event Related Brain Potentials via a Competitive Neural Network Structure.
(Not) Bounding the True Error.
PAC-Bayes & Margins.
How Neural Nets Work.
Neural Network Definition of Highly Predictable Protein Secondary Structure Classes.
Computation of Heading Direction from Optic Flow in Visual Cortex.
An Improved Decomposition Algorithm for Regression Support Vector Machines.
Associative memory in realistic neuronal networks.
Distributed Neural Information Processing in the Vestibulo-Ocular System.
A PAC-Bayes approach to the Set Covering Machine.
A Model for Learning the Semantics of Pictures.
Feature Selection in Mixture-Based Clustering.
Gaussian Process Latent Variable Models for Visualisation of High Dimensional Data.
Semi-supervised Learning via Gaussian Processes.
Optimising Synchronisation Times for Mobile Devices.
Fast Sparse Gaussian Process Methods: The Informative Vector Machine.
The Gamma MLP for Speech Phoneme Recognition.
Temporal Adaptation in a Silicon Auditory Nerve.
Winner-Take-All Networks of Complexity.
Silicon Models for Auditory Scene Analysis.
A Micropower Analog VLSI HMM State Decoder for Wordspotting.
Silicon Auditory Processors as Computer Peripherals.
Off-Road Obstacle Avoidance through End-to-End Learning.
Joint MRI Bias Removal Using Entropy Minimization Across Images.
Boosting and Maximum Likelihood for Exponential Models.
Conditional Models on the Ranking Poset.
ICA-based Clustering of Genes from Microarray Expression Data.
A Computer Modeling Approach to Understanding the Inferior Olive and Its Relationships to the Cerebellar Cortex in Rats.
Blind Separation of Delayed and Convolved Sources.
Dual-Tree Fast Gauss Transforms.
Practical Characteristics of Neural Network and Conventional Pattern Classifiers on Artificial and Speech Problems.
Unsupervised Classification with Non-Gaussian Mixture Models Using ICA.
Robust Recognition of Noisy and Superimposed Patterns via Selective Attention.
CMOL CrossNets: Possible Neuromorphic Nanoelectronic Circuits.
A Hybrid Linear/Nonlinear Approach to Channel Equalization Problems.
Algorithms for Independent Components Analysis and Higher Order Statistics.
Algorithms for Non-negative Matrix Factorization.
Unsupervised Learning by Convex and Conic Coding.
A Neural Network Based Head Tracking System.
Learning a Continuous Hidden Variable Model for Binary Data.
Color Opponency Constitutes a Sparse Representation for the Chromatic Structure of Natural Scenes.
An Information-Theoretic Framework for Understanding Saccadic Eye Movements.
Dynamics of Learning in Recurrent Feature-Discovery Networks.
From Data Distributions to Regularization in Invariant Learning.
Weight Space Probability Densities in Stochastic Learning: I. Dynamics and Equilibria.
Optimal Stochastic Search and Adaptive Momentum.
Two Approaches to Optimal Annealing.
Learning with Product Units.
Constructive Learning Using Internal Representation Conflicts.
Distributed Recursive Structure Processing.
Foundations for a Circuit Complexity Theory of Sensory Processing.
A Criterion for the Convergence of Learning with Spike Timing Dependent Plasticity.
Spontaneous and Information-Triggered Segments of Series of Human Brain Electric Field Maps.
Automatic Local Annealing.
ARC-LH: A New Adaptive Resampling Algorithm for Improving ANN Classifiers.
Stationarity and Stability of Autoregressive Neural Network Processes.
A Tighter Bound for Graphical Models.
Means, Correlations and Bounds.
Contour Organisation with the EM Algorithm.
Handwritten Word Recognition using Contextual Hybrid Radial Basis Function Network/Hidden Markov Models.
Oscillatory Neural Fields for Globally Optimal Path Planning.
Interior Point Implementations of Alternating Minimization Training.
Rate- and Phase-coded Autoassociative Memory.
Optimization with Artificial Neural Network Systems: A Mapping Principle and a Comparison to Gradient Based Methods.
Mismatch String Kernels for SVM Protein Classification.
Phonetic Classification and Recognition Using the Multi-Layer Perceptron.
Applications of Error Back-Propagation to Phonetic Classification.
Modeling Time Varying Systems Using Hidden Control Neural Architecture.
Stock Selection via Nonlinear Multi-Factor Models.
Fast Pruning Using Principal Components.
Planar Hidden Markov Modeling: From Speech to Optical Character Recognition.
Time-Warping Network: A Hybrid Framework for Speech Recognition.
Learning to Perceive Transparency from the Statistics of Natural Scenes.
Maximum Likelihood Estimation of Intrinsic Dimension.
Dynamical Synapses Give Rise to a Power-Law Distribution of Neuronal Avalanches.
Multi-modular Associative Memory.
Bayesian Modeling and Classification of Neural Signals.
Inferring Sparse, Overcomplete Image Codes Using an Efficient Coding Framework.
Bayesian Unsupervised Learning of Higher Order Structure.
Learning Nonlinear Overcomplete Representations for Efficient Coding.
Coding Time-Varying Signals Using Sparse, Shift-Invariant Representations.
Visual Navigation in a Robot Using Zig-Zag Behavior.
Mixture Density Estimation.
Exploratory Data Analysis Using Radial Basis Function Latent Variable Models.
Position Variance, Recurrence and Perceptual Learning.
Learning to Predict Visibility and Invisibility from Occlusion Events.
Computational Differences between Asymmetrical and Symmetrical Networks.
Human Reading and the Curse of Dimensionality.
Modeling the Olfactory Bulb - Coupled Nonlinear Oscillators.
A Precise Characterization of the Class of Languages Recognized by Neural Nets under Gaussian and Other Common Noise Distributions.
Efficient and Robust Feature Extraction by Maximum Margin Criterion.
Learning to Detect Natural Image Boundaries Using Brightness and Texture.
The Relaxed Online Maximum Margin Algorithm.
Unsmearing Visual Motion: Development of Long-Range Horizontal Intrinsic Connections.
Statistical Dynamics of Batch Learning.
On the Effect of Analog Noise in Discrete-Time Analog Computations.
From Lasso regression to Feature vector machine.
Dynamic Stochastic Synapses as Computational Units.
FloatBoost Learning for Classification.
Connecting to the Past.
Radial Basis Function Network for Multi-task Learning.
Bayesian Model Comparison and Backprop Nets.
Location-based activity recognition.
Analysis of Linsker's Simulations of Hebbian Rules.
Constructing Heterogeneous Committees Using Input Feature Grouping: Application to Economic Forecasting.
Spectro-Temporal Receptive Fields of Subthreshold Responses in Auditory Cortex.
ARA*: Anytime A* with Provable Bounds on Sub-Optimality.
Microelectronic Implementations of Connectionist Neural Networks.
Planning for Markov Decision Processes with Sparse Stochasticity.
Co-Validation: Using Model Disagreement on Unlabeled Data to Validate Classification Algorithms.
Speeding up the Parti-Game Algorithm.
The Computation of Stereo Disparity for Transparent and for Opaque Surfaces.
Incremental Learning for Visual Tracking.
Recognizing Hand-Printed Letters and Digits.
Factorizing Multivariate Function Classes.
Combining Neural and Symbolic Learning to Revise Probabilistic Rule Bases.
Source Separation and Density Estimation by Faithful Equivariant SOM.
Neural Networks for Density Estimation.
Learning long-term dependencies is not as difficult with NARX networks.
Value Function Approximation with Diffusion Wavelets and Laplacian Eigenfunctions.
Bayesian Regularization and Nonnegative Deconvolution for Time Delay Estimation.
On the K-Winners-Take-All Network.
Adaptive Discriminative Generative Model and Its Applications.
Independent Component Analysis of Electroencephalographic Data.
Synergy of Clustering Multiple Back Propagation Networks.
Using Feedforward Neural Networks to Monitor Alertness from Changes in EEG Correlation and Coherence.
An Object-Oriented Framework for the Simulation of Neural Networks.
A Model for Chemosensory Reception.
Towards an Organizing Principle for a Layered Perceptual Network.
A Neural Network for Real-Time Signal Processing.
An Application of the Principle of Maximum Information Preservation to Linear Systems.
Modeling Midazolam's Effect on the Hippocampus and Recognition Memory.
Deriving Receptive Fields Using an Optimal Encoding Criterion.
A Variational Approach to Learning Curves.
Odor Processing in the Bee: A Preliminary Study of the Role of Central Input to the Antennal Lobe.
Noisy Spiking Neurons with Temporal Coding have more Computational Power than Sigmoidal Neurons.
MURPHY: A Robot that Learns by Doing.
A Formal Model of the Insect Olfactory Macroglomerulus: Simulations and Analytic Results.
Lower Boundaries of Motoneuron Desynchronization via Renshaw Interneurons.
A Study of Parallel Perturbative Gradient Descent.
Learning Curves for Gaussian Processes Regression: A Framework for Good Approximations.
Asymptotics of Gaussian Regularized Least Squares.
A Statistical Mechanics Approach to Approximate Analytical Bootstrap Averages.
Adaptive Neural Net Preprocessing for Signal Detection in Non-Gaussian Noise.
Approximate Analytical Bootstrap Averages for Support Vector Classifiers.
Predicting the Risk of Complications in Coronary Artery Bypass Operations using Neural Networks.
Neural Network Diagnosis of Avascular Necrosis from Magnetic Resonance Images.
DNADNA Computation: A Potential Killer Application?
Neural Computation with Winner-Take-All as the Only Nonlinear Operation.
Further Explorations in Visually-Guided Reaching: Making MURPHY Smarter.
Multiple Alignment of Continuous Time Series.
Principles of real-time computing with feedback applied to cortical microcircuit models.
The Clusteron: Toward a Simple Abstraction for a Complex Neuron.
An Apobayesian Relative of Winnow.
Methods for Estimating the Computational Power and Generalization Capability of Neural Microcircuits.
SEEMORE: A View-Based Approach to 3-D Object Recognition Using Multiple Visual Cues.
Towards Social Robots: Automatic Evaluation of Human-robot Interaction by Face Detection and Expression Classification.
Backpropagation Convergence via Deterministic Nonmonotone Perturbed Minimization.
An Efficient, Exact Algorithm for Solving Tree-Structured Graphical Games.
Active Support Vector Machine Classification.
Predictive Representations of State.
The Effects of Circuit Integration on a Feature Map Vector Quantizer.
Visual gesture-based robot guidance with a modular neural system.
The Use of Dynamic Writing Information in a Connectionist On-Line Cursive Handwriting Recognition System.
Generalization Abilities of Cascade Network Architecture.
Recognizing Overlapping Hand-Printed Characters by Centered-Object Integrated Segmentation and Recognition.
Neural Network Model Selection Using Asymptotic Jackknife Estimator and Cross-Validation Method.
Learning to See Where and What: Training a Net to Make Saccades and Recognize Handwritten Characters.
Robust Parameter Estimation and Model Selection for Neural Network Regression.
Identifying Structure across Pre-partitioned Data.
Silicon Retina with Adaptive Filtering Properties.
Direct Optimization of Margins Improves Generalization in Combined Classifiers.
A Winner-Take-All Circuit with Controllable Soft Max Property.
An Analog Self-Organizing Neural Network Chip.
Analog Cochlear Model for Multiresolution Speech Analysis.
Weak Learners and Improved Rates of Convergence in Boosting.
Adaptive Retina with Center-Surround Receptive Field.
The Steering Approach for Multi-Criteria Reinforcement Learning.
Circuit Model of Short-Term Synaptic Dynamics.
Boosting with Multi-Way Branching in Decision Trees.
2D Observers for Human 3D Object Recognition?
Implementation Issues in the Fourier Transform Algorithm.
Orientation-Selective aVLSI Spiking Neurons.
Synaptic Transmission: An Information-Theoretic Perspective.
Homeostasis in a Silicon Integrate and Fire Neuron.
Signal Detection in Noisy Weakly-Active Dendrites.
Efficient Exact k-NN and Nonparametric Classification in High Dimensions.
Channel Noise in Excitable Neural Membranes.
An Investigation of Practical Approximate Nearest Neighbor Algorithms.
Noise and the two-thirds power Law.
Mechanisms of Generalization in Perceptual Learning.
Reinforcement Learning for Call Admission Control and Routing in Integrated Service Networks.
Perceptual Organization Based on Temporal Dynamics.
Learning Stochastic Perceptrons Under k-Blocking Distributions.
The Effect of Eligibility Traces on Finding Optimal Memoryless Policies in Partially Observable Markov Decision Processes.
Strong Unimodality and Exact Learning of Constant Depth -Perceptron Networks.
Neural Network Analysis of Distributed Representations of Dynamical Sensory-Motor Transormations in the Leech.
PAC-Bayes Learning of Conjunctions and Classification of Gene-Expression Data.
Text Classification using String Kernels.
Basins of Attraction for Electronic Neural Networks.
Efficient Unsupervised Learning for Localization and Detection in Object Categories.
Dynamics of Analog Neural Networks with Time Delay.
Mistake Bounds for Maximum Entropy Discrimination.
Connection Topology and Dynamics in Lateral Inhibition Networks.
Oscillation Onset in Neural Delayed Feedback.
Dynamic Modulation of Neurons and Networks.
Reflexive Associative Memories.
Bayesian Network Induction via Local Neighborhoods.
Utilizing lime: Asynchronous Binding.
Hyperparameters Evidence and Generalisation for an Unrealisable Rule.
NeuroScale: Novel Topographic Feature Extraction using RBF Networks.
Neural Network Application to Diagnostics.
Convergence and Consistency of Regularized Boosting Algorithms with Stationary B-Mixing Observations.
The Performance of Convex Set Projection Based Neural Networks.
A Three Tiered Approach for Articulated Object Action Modeling and Recognition.
Boosting Algorithms as Gradient Descent.
Semi-supervised Learning with Penalized Probabilistic Clustering.
A Recurrent Neural Network for Generation of Occular Saccades.
Two-Dimensional Object Localization by Coarse-to-Fine Correlation Matching.
Modeling Memory Transfer and Saving in Cerebellar Motor Learning.
Constrained Independent Component Analysis.
Multi-Digit Recognition Using a Space Displacement Neural Network.
Ideal Observers for Detecting Motion: Correspondence Noise.
Joint Tracking of Pose, Expression, and Texture using Conditionally Gaussian Filters.
Effects of Spike Timing Underlying Binocular Integration and Rivalry in a Neural Model of Early Visual Cortex.
Modeling User Rating Profiles For Collaborative Filtering.
Limits of Spectral Clustering.
Ordered Classes and Incomplete Examples in Classification.
Wavelet Models for Video Time-Series.
A Framework for Multiple-Instance Learning.
Agnostic PAC-Learning of Functions on Analog Neural Nets.
Hoeffding Races: Accelerating Model Selection Search for Classification and Function Approximation.
On the Computational Complexity of Networks of Spiking Neurons.
An Application of Reversible-Jump MCMC to Multivariate Spherical Gaussian Mixtures.
On the Computational Power of Noisy Spiking Neurons.
Learning Exact Patterns of Quasi-synchronization among Spiking Neurons from Data on Multi-unit Recordings.
A Model for Real-Time Computation in Generic Neural Microcircuits.
On Discriminative vs. Generative Classifiers: A comparison of logistic regression and naive Bayes.
A Lagrangian Approach to Fixed Points.
On the Computational Utility of Consciousness.
From Coexpression to Coregulation: An Approach to Inferring Transcriptional Regulation among Gene Classes from Large-Scale Expression Data.
Linear Multilayer Independent Component Analysis for Large Natural Scenes.
Distributed Optimization in Adaptive Networks.
Self-regulation Mechanism of Temporally Asymmetric Hebbian Plasticity.
Consensus Propagation.
Primitive Manipulation Learning with Connectionism.
Context as Filtering.
Recognizing Hand-written Digits Using Hierarchical Products of Experts.
Bayesian Modeling of Facial Similarity.
Concentration Inequalities for the Missing Mass and for Histogram Rule Error.
Boosted Dyadic Kernel Discriminants.
A Model of Auditory Streaming.
Spectral Bounds for Sparse PCA: Exact and Greedy Algorithms.
Instance-Based State Identification for Reinforcement Learning.
Sex with Support Vector Machines.
Conditional Models of Identity Uncertainty with Application to Noun Coreference.
A Topographic Support Vector Machine: Classification Using Local Label Configurations.
Back Propagation Implementation.
Learning Instance-Independent Value Functions to Enhance Local Search.
An exploration-exploitation model based on norepinepherine and dopamine activity.
Automated Aircraft Recovery via Reinforcement Learning: Initial Experiments.
Online Discovery and Learning of Predictive State Representations.
Using Aperiodic Reinforcement for Directed Self-Organization During Development.
Scheduling Straight-Line Code Using Reinforcement Learning and Rollouts.
Foraging in an Uncertain Environment Using Predictive Hebbian Learning.
Rule Induction through Integrated Symbolic and Subsymbolic Processing.
A Weighted Probabilistic Neural Network.
A Low-Power CMOS Circuit Which Emulates Temporal Electrical Properties of Neurons.
Online Learning of Non-stationary Sequences.
An Alternative Infinite Mixture Of Gaussian Process Experts.
Optimal Information Decoding from Neuronal Populations with Specific Stimulus Selectivity.
Learning Fine Motion by Markov Mixtures of Experts.
Learning Bayesian Belief Networks with Neural Network Estimators.
Triangulation by Continuous Embedding.
Fast Learning in Multi-Resolution Hierarchies.
Estimating Dependency Structure as a Hidden Variable.
The Effective Number of Parameters: An Analysis of Generalization and Regularization in Nonlinear Learning Systems.
Learning Segmentation by Random Walks.
History-Dependent Attractor Neural Networks.
Smoothing Regularizers for Projective Basis Function Networks.
Optimal Signalling in Attractor Neural Networks.
Reinforcement Learning for Trading.
Single-Iteration Threshold Hamming Networks.
Principled Architecture Selection for Neural Networks: Application to Corporate Bond Rating Prediction.
Estimating the Reliability of ICA Projections.
On Spectral Clustering: Analysis and an algorithm.
Approximate Inference A lgorithms for Two-Layer Bayesian Networks.
Improving Transfer Rates in Brain Computer Interfacing: A Case Study.
Networks with Learned Unit Response Functions.
Quantizing Density Estimators.
Validity Estimates for Loopy Belief Propagation on Binary Real-world Networks.
Discriminative Densities from Maximum Contrast Estimation.
Digital-Analog Hybrid Synapse Chips for Electronic Neural Networks.
Bias, Variance and the Combination of Least Squares Estimators.
Programmable Synaptic Chip for Electronic Neural Networks.
Structural Risk Minimization for Nonparametric Time Series Prediction.
Fast, Robust Adaptive Control by Learning only Forward Models.
On the Optimality of Incremental Neural Network Algorithms.
The Parti-Game Algorithm for Variable Resolution Reinforcement Learning in Multidimensional State-Spaces.
Data-Dependent Bounds for Bayesian Mixture Methods.
Very Fast EM-Based Mixture Model Clustering Using Multiresolution Kd-Trees.
Sigma-Pi Learning: On Radial Basis Functions and Cortical Associative Learning.
Memory-Based Reinforcement Learning: Efficient Computation with Prioritized Sweeping.
How Receptive Field Parameters Affect Neural Learning.
A VLSI Neural Network for Color Constancy.
Complex-Cell Responses Derived from Center-Surround Inputs: The Surprising Power of Intradendritic Computation.
Memory-based Stochastic Optimization.
Toward a Single-Cell Account for Binocular Disparity Tuning: An Energy Model May Be Hiding in Your Dendrites.
Real-Time Monitoring of Complex Industrial Processes with Particle Filters.
VLSI Implementation of TInMANN.
Common-Frame Model for Object Recognition.
Multiple Relational Embedding.
A Kullback-Leibler Divergence Based Kernel for SVM Classification in Multimedia Applications.
A Recurrent Model of Orientation Maps with Simple and Complex Cells.
Generalization and Parameter Estimation in Feedforward Netws: Some Experiments.
The Unscented Particle Filter.
A Large-Scale Neural Network Which Recognizes Handwritten Kanji Characters.
Combining Classifiers Using Correspondence Analysis.
Neural Networks that Learn to Discriminate Similar Kanji Characters.
Combining Neural Network Regression Estimates with Regularized Linear Weights.
An Efficient Clustering Algorithm Using Stochastic Association Model and Its Implementation Using Nanostructures.
A Multi-class Linear Learning Algorithm Related to Winnow.
Minimax Differential Dynamic Programming: An Application to Robust Biped Walking.
Quadratic-Type Lyapunov Functions for Competitive Neural Networks with Different Time-Scales.
Robust Reinforcement Learning.
How to Choose an Activation Function.
Denoising and Untangling Graphs Using Degree Priors.
Kernels for Multi--task Learning.
Statistical and Dynamical Interpretation of ISIH Data from Periodically Stimulated Sensory Neurons.
Stability Results for Neural Networks.
Learning to Schedule Straight-Line Code.
A Mathematical Programming Approach to the Kernel Fisher Algorithm.
A Local Algorithm to Learn Trajectories with Stochastic Neural Networks.
Invariant Feature Extraction and Classification in Kernel Spaces.
Visual Speech Recognition with Stochastic Networks.
Kernel PCA and De-Noising in Feature Spaces.
Bayesian Robustification for Audio Visual Fusion.
Neural Network Implementation of Admission Control.
Information Factorization in Connectionist Models of Perception.
Cricket Wind Detection.
Partially Observable SDE Models for Image Sequence Recognition Tasks.
Design and Implementation of a High Speed CMAC Neural Network.
Factorial Coding of Color in Primary Visual Cortex.
Probability Estimator from a Database Using a Gibbs Energy Model.
Discovering Discrete Distributed Representations.
Models of Ocular Dominance Column Formation: Analytical and Computational Results.
Induction of Multiscale Temporal Structure.
An Information-theoretic Learning Algorithm for Neural Network Classification.
A Principle for Unsupervised Hierarchical Decomposition of Visual Scenes.
A Mixture of Experts Classifier with Learning Based on Both Labelled and Unlabelled Data.
Discovering the Structure of a Reactive Environment by Exploration.
Serial Order in Reading Aloud: Connectionist Models and Neighborhood Structure.
A Rational Analysis of Cognitive Control in a Speeded Discrimination Task.
Spiral Waves in Integrate-and-Fire Neural Networks.
A Connectionist Symbol Manipulator that Discovers the Structure of Context-Free Languages.
Predicting Complex Behavior in Sparse Asymmetric Networks.
Prodding the ROC Curve: Constrained Optimization of Classifier Performance.
A Silicon Axon.
Skeletonization: A Technique for Trimming the Fat from a Network via Relevance Assessment.
Learning Path Distributions Using Nonequilibrium Diffusion Networks.
Connectionist Music Composition Based on Melodic and Stylistic Constraints.
Neural Dynamics of Motion Segmentation and Grouping.
A Superadditive-Impairment Theory of Optic Aphasia.
Automatic Choice of Dimensionality for PCA.
Top-Down Control of Visual Attention: A Rational Account.
Tree-structured Approximations by Expectation Propagation.
The Neurothermostat: Predictive Optimal Control of Residential Heating Systems.
When will a Genetic Algorithm Outperform Hill Climbing.
Churn Reduction in the Wireless Industry.
Explanation-Based Neural Network Learning for Robot Control.
Learning to Segment Images Using Dynamic Feature Binding.
Unbiased Estimator of Shape Parameter for Spiking Irregularities under Changing Environments.
A Programmable Analog Neural Computer and Simulator.
Mechanism of Neural Interference by Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation: Network or Single Neuron?
Asymptotics of Gradient-based Neural Network Training Algorithms.
On Iterative Krylov-Dogleg Trust-Region Steps for Solving Neural Networks Nonlinear Least Squares Problems.
High Performance Neural Net Simulation on a Multiprocessor System with Intelligent Communication.
Iterative Scaled Trust-Region Learning in Krylov Subspaces via Pearlmutter's Implicit Sparse Hessian-Vector Multiply.
Visual Cortex Circuitry and Orientation Tuning.
Visual Grammars and Their Neural Nets.
Efficient Resources Allocation for Markov Decision Processes.
Neural Networks for Model Matching and Perceptual Organization.
Reinforcement Learning for Continuous Stochastic Control Problems.
Barycentric Interpolators for Continuous Space and Time Reinforcement Learning.
Repeat Until Bored: A Pattern Selection Strategy.
LTD Facilitates Learning in a Noisy Environment.
Competition Among Networks Improves Committee Performance.
Translating Locative Prepositions.
Adaptive On-line Learning in Changing Environments.
Learning Curves, Model Selection and Complexity of Neural Networks.
Rate Distortion Codes in Sensor Networks.
Rate Distortion Function in the Spin Glass State: A Toy Model.
Gaussian Processes for Multiuser Detection in CDMA receivers.
Bayesian Map Learning in Dynamic Environments.
Model of a Biological Neuron as a Temporal Neural Network.
Linear-time inference in Hierarchical HMMs.
Graphical Model For Recognizing Scenes and Objects.
Synaptic Weight Noise During MLP Learning Enhances Fault-Tolerance, Generalization and Learning Trajectory.
Digital Boltzmann VLSI for Constraint Satisfaction and Learning.
Nested sampling for Potts models.
Bit-Serial Neural Networks.
A Segment-Based Automatic Language Identification System.
The Use of MDL to Select among Computational Models of Cognition.
Analog Implementation of Shunting Neural Networks.
Inference for the Generalization Error.
Diffusion Maps, Spectral Clustering and Eigenfunctions of Fokker-Planck Operators.
Stimulus Evoked Independent Factor Analysis of MEG Data with Large Background Activity.
Neural Approach for TV Image Compression Using a Hopfield Type Network.
Adaptive knot Placement for Nonparametric Regression.
Information-Geometric Decomposition in Spike Analysis.
Dynamics of Attention as Near Saddle-Node Bifurcation Behavior.
An Analog Visual Pre-Processing Processor.
One Microphone Blind Dereverberation Based on Quasi-periodicity of Speech Signals.
Psychological Studies of Visual Perception.
Probabilistic Semantic Video Indexing.
Optimal sub-graphical models.
Q-Clustering.
A Bayesian Model Predicts Human Parse Preference and Reading Times in Sentence Processing.
Finding the Key to a Synapse.
Information Dynamics and Emergent Computation in Recurrent Circuits of Spiking Neurons.
Processing of Time Series by Neural Circuits with Biologically Realistic Synaptic Dynamics.
Optimal cue selection strategy.
Combining Dimensions and Features in Similarity-Based Representations.
Nearest Neighbor Based Feature Selection for Regression and its Application to Neural Activity.
Bayesian Learning via Stochastic Dynamics.
Inferring State Sequences for Non-linear Systems with Embedded Hidden Markov Models.
Grammar Learning by a Self-Organizing Network.
Grammar Transfer in a Second Order Recurrent Neural Network.
A Fast Multi-Resolution Method for Detection of Significant Spatial Disease Clusters.
A Bayesian Spatial Scan Statistic.
Detecting Significant Multidimensional Spatial Clusters.
A Neural Model of Descending Gain Control in the Electrosensory System.
Computational Efficiency: A Common Organizing Principle for Parallel Computer Maps and Brain Maps?
Active Inference in Concept Learning.
Learning Continuous Distributions: Simulations With Field Theoretic Priors.
Entropy and Inference, Revisited.
Interactive Parts Model: An Application to Recognition of On-line Cursive Script.
A Parallel Analog CCD/CMOS Signal Processor.
Controlling the Complexity of HMM Systems by Regularization.
Optimal Asset Allocation using Adaptive Dynamic Programming.
Enhancing Q-Learning for Optimal Asset Allocation.
Risk Sensitive Reinforcement Learning.
Multi-Grid Methods for Reinforcement Learning in Controlled Diffusion Processes.
Stable adaptive control with online learning.
Hyperkernels.
Autonomous Helicopter Flight via Reinforcement Learning.
Adaptive Choice of Grid and Time in Reinforcement Learning.
Practical Characteristics of Neural Network and Conventional Patterns Classifiers.
Hyperbolic Self-Organizing Maps for Semantic Navigation.
Policy Search via Density Estimation.
Generating Accurate and Diverse Members of a Neural-Network Ensemble.
On the Concentration of Expectation and Approximate Inference in Layered Networks.
An Approximate Inference Approach for the PCA Reconstruction Error.
Divergences, surrogate loss functions and experimental design.
Asymptotic Universality for Learning Curves of Support Vector Machines.
Efficient Simulation of Biological Neural Networks on Massively Parallel Supercomputers with Hypercube Architecture.
General Bounds on Bayes Errors for Regression with Gaussian Processes.
Control of Selective Visual Attention: Modeling the Where Pathway.
Variational Linear Response.
Phase-coupling in Two-Dimensional Networks of Interacting Oscillators.
Expectation Consistent Free Energies for Approximate Inference.
Neurobiology, Psychophysics, and Computational Models of Visual Attention.
A Mean Field Algorithm for Bayes Learning in Large Feed-forward Neural Networks.
Mass Meta-analysis in Talairach Space.
Mean Field Methods for Classification with Gaussian Processes.
Robustness in Markov Decision Problems with Uncertain Transition Matrices.
Bayesian model learning in human visual perception.
Sequential Tracking in Pricing Financial Options using Model Based and Neural Network Approaches.
Kernel-Based Reinforcement Learning in Average-Cost Problems: An Application to Optimal Portfolio Choice.
How fast to work: Response vigor, motivation and tonic dopamine.
Optimal Kernel Shapes for Local Linear Regression.
Maximum-Likelihood Continuity Mapping (MALCOM): An Alternative to HMMs.
Learning and Tracking Cyclic Human Motion.
Learning Local Error Bars for Nonlinear Regression.
Improved Gaussian Mixture Density Estimates Using Bayesian Penalty Terms and Network Averaging.
Phasor Neural Networks.
Removing Noise in On-Line Search using Adaptive Batch Sizes.
Hierarchical Bayesian Inference in Networks of Spiking Neurons.
Analyzing Coupled Brain Sources: Distinguishing True from Spurious Interaction.
Learning Saccadic Eye Movements Using Multiscale Spatial Filters.
Correlates of Attention in a Model of Dynamic Visual Recognition.
Training Knowledge-Based Neural Networks to Recognize Genes.
Weight Space Probability Densities in Stochastic Learning: II. Transients and Basin Hopping Times.
Maximum Likelihood Competitive Learning.
Using Curvature Information for Fast Stochastic Search.
Evaluation of Adaptive Mixtures of Competing Experts.
Adaptive Soft Weight Tying using Gaussian Mixtures.
A Convolutional Neural Network Hand Tracker.
Filter Selection Model for Generating Visual Motion Signals.
Performance of Connectionist Learning Algorithms on 2-D SIMD Processor Arrays.
Reconstructing Stimulus-Driven Neural Networks from Spike Times.
Generalizable Relational Binding from Coarse-coded Distributed Representations.
Nash Propagation for Loopy Graphical Games.
A Hippocampal Model of Recognition Memory.
Synergistic Face Detection and Pose Estimation with Energy-Based Models.
A Model of the Phonological Loop: Generalization and Binding.
Spiking Inputs to a Winner-take-all Network.
Discrete profile alignment via constrained information bottleneck.
Unsupervised Parallel Feature Extraction from First Principles.
Development of Orientation and Ocular Dominance Columns in Infant Macaques.
Coordinate Transformation Learning of Hand Position Feedback Controller by Using Change of Position Error Norm.
Development and Spatial Structure of Cortical Feature Maps: A Model Study.
Assessing and Improving Neural Network Predictions by the Bootstrap Algorithm.
A Comparison between a Neural Network Model for the Formation of Brain Maps and Experimental Data.
Bayesian Query Construction for Neural Network Models.
Analog Neural Networks of Limited Precision I: Computing with Multilinear Threshold Functions.
Graded Grammaticality in Prediction Fractal Machines.
Learning Generative Models with the Up-Propagation Algorithm.
Learning Hierarchical Structures with Linear Relational Embedding.
Stochastic Dynamics of Three-State Neural Networks.
Nonstationary Covariance Functions for Gaussian Process Regression.
Resonance in a Stochastic Neuron Model with Delayed Interaction.
Representing Face Images for Emotion Classification.
Model Based Image Compression and Adaptive Data Representaion by Interacting Filter Banks.
Variational EM Algorithms for Non-Gaussian Latent Variable Models.
Learning Complex Boolean Functions: Algorithms and Applications.
Convergence Properties of Some Spike-Triggered Analysis Techniques.
Graphical Models for Recognizing Human Interactions.
Design of Experiments via Information Theory.
Learning Sparse Codes with a Mixture-of-Gaussians Prior.
Log-concavity Results on Gaussian Process Methods for Supervised and Unsupervised Learning.
Learning Sparse Image Codes using a Wavelet Pyramid Architecture.
Variational Minimax Estimation of Discrete Distributions under KL Loss.
A Harmonic Excitation State-Space Approach to Blind Separation of Speech.
Nonparametric inference of prior probabilities from Bayes-optimal behavior.
Bumptrees for Efficient Function, Constraint and Classification Learning.
Text-Based Information Retrieval Using Exponentiated Gradient Descent.
Best-First Model Merging for Dynamic Learning and Recognition.
A Framework for Non-rigid Matching and Correspondence.
Family Discovery.
Are Hopfield Networks Faster than Conventional Computers?
Neural Net Receivers in Multiple Access-Communications.
A Differential Semantics for Jointree Algorithms.
Modeling Nonlinear Dependencies in Natural Images using Mixture of Laplacian Distribution.
Annealing and the Rate Distortion Problem.
Learning with Temporal Derivatives in Pulse-Coded Neuronal Systems.
An MDP-Based Approach to Online Mechanism Design.
Approximately Efficient Online Mechanism Design.
Improving Committee Diagnosis with Resampling Techniques.
Reinforcement Learning with Hierarchies of Machines.
Symplectic Nonlinear Component Analysis.
Higher-Order Statistical Properties Arising from the Non-Stationarity of Natural Signals.
Unmixing Hyperspectral Data.
Speech Recognition with Missing Data using Recurrent Neural Nets.
Attractor Neural Networks with Local Inhibition: From Statistical Physics to a Digitial Programmable Integrated Circuit.
Grammatical Bigrams.
Sample Propagation.
Neuronal Fiber Delineation in Area of Edema from Diffusion Weighted MRI.
Identity Uncertainty and Citation Matching.
A Neuromorphic VLSI System for Modeling the Neural Control of Axial Locomotion.
Bifurcation Analysis of a Silicon Neuron.
Analog VLSI Model of Intersegmental Coordination with Nearest-Neighbor Coupling.
Discrete Affine Wavelet Transforms.
Neural Control of Sensory Acquisition: The Vestibulo-Ocular Reflex.
Efficient Out-of-Sample Extension of Dominant-Set Clusters.
A Maximum Entropy Approach to Collaborative Filtering in Dynamic, Sparse, High-Dimensional Domains.
Learning Switching Linear Models of Human Motion.
How Oscillatory Neuronal Responses Reflect Bistability and Switching of the Hidden Assembly Dynamics.
Orientation Contrast Sensitivity from Long-range Interactions in Visual Cortex.
Gradient Descent: Second Order Momentum and Saturating Error.
Maximum Likelihood Blind Source Separation: A Context-Sensitive Generalization of ICA.
Chaitin-Kolmogorov Complexity and Generalization in Neural Networks.
Applications of Neural Networks in Video Signal Processing.
Bayes Networks on Ice: Robotic Search for Antarctic Meteorites.
Recurrent Networks: Second Order Properties and Pruning.
Pruning with generalization based weight saliencies: gamma-OBD, gamma-OBS.
One-Class LP Classifiers for Dissimilarity Representations.
A Feature Selection Algorithm Based on the Global Minimization of a Generalization Error Bound.
Matching Free Trees with Replicator Equations.
Replicator Equations, Maximal Cliques, and Graph Isomorphism.
Using Tarjan's Red Rule for Fast Dependency Tree Construction.
Active Learning for Anomaly and Rare-Category Detection.
Redundancy and Dimensionality Reduction in Sparse-Distributed Representations of Natural Objects in Terms of Their Local Features.
Hebb Learning of Features based on their Information Content.
Fast Training of Support Vector Classifiers.
A Convergent Form of Approximate Policy Iteration.
Putting It All Together: Methods for Combining Neural Networks.
The Ni1000: High Speed Parallel VLSI for Implementing Multilayer Perceptrons.
Lg Depth Estimation and Ripple Fire Characterization.
A Neural Network Model of 3-D Lightness Perception.
Reorganisation of Somatosensory Cortex after Tactile Training.
On Line Estimation of Optimal Control Sequences: HJB Estimators.
A Trellis-Structured Neural Network.
A Neural Network Autoassociator for Induction Motor Failure Prediction.
Beyond Pair-Based STDP: a Phenomenological Rule for Spike Triplet and Frequency Effects.
Perception of the Structure of the Physical World Using Unknown Multimodal Sensors and Effectors.
Support Vector Machines Applied to Face Recognition.
Neural Network Based Model Predictive Control.
A Sampled Texture Prior for Image Super-Resolution.
The Role of Lateral Cortical Competition in Ocular Dominance Development.
Maximum Likelihood Estimation of a Stochastic Integrate-and-Fire Neural Model.
Applying Metric-Trees to Belief-Point POMDPs.
Generalization of Back propagation to Recurrent and Higher Order Neural Networks.
Time Dependent Adaptive Neural Networks.
An Analog Neural Network Inspired by Fractal Block Coding.
Bangs, Clicks, Snaps, Thuds and Whacks: An Architecture for Acoustic Transient Processing.
Constructing Proofs in Symmetric Networks.
Holographic Recurrent Networks.
Estimating Analogical Similarity by Dot-Products of Holographic Reduced Representations.
A Comparison between Neural Networks and other Statistical Techniques for Modeling the Relationship between Tobacco and Alcohol and Cancer.
Fast Embedding of Sparse Similarity Graphs.
Analog Circuits for Constrained Optimization.
Leaning by Combining Memorization and Gradient Descent.
Using Analytic QP and Sparseness to Speed Training of Support Vector Machines.
A Neural Network Classifier for the I100 OCR Chip.
Constrained Differential Optimization.
Learning a Gaussian Process Prior for Automatically Generating Music Playlists.
Large Margin DAGs for Multiclass Classification.
Networks for the Separation of Sources that Are Superimposed and Delayed.
A Constructive RBF Network for Writer Adaptation.
Learning Mackey-Glass from 25 Examples, Plus or Minus 2.
Cross-Validation Estimates ISME.
Learning a Color Algorithm from Examples.
Memory Capacity of Linear vs. Nonlinear Models of Dendritic Integration.
Grouping and dimensionality reduction by locally linear embedding.
Implications of Recursive Distributed Representations.
Language Induction by Phase Transition in Dynamical Recognizers.
Why did TD-Gammon Work?
Prediction of Protein Topologies Using Generalized IOHMMS and RNNs.
ALVINN: An Autonomous Land Vehicle in a Neural Network.
Rapidly Adapting Artificial Neural Networks for Autonomous Navigation.
Input Reconstruction Reliability Estimation.
A Connectionist Technique for Accelerated Textual Input: Letting a Network Do the Typing.
Analytical Solution of Spike-timing Dependent Plasticity Based on Synaptic Biophysics.
Learning a Forward Model of a Reflex.
Scaling Laws in Natural Scenes and the Inference of 3D Shape.
Reinforcement Learning Predicts the Site of Plasticity for Auditory Remapping in the Barn Owl.
Hierarchical Transformation of Space in the Visual System.
Spatial Representations in the Parietal Cortex May Use Basis Functions.
A Model of Spatial Representations in Parietal Cortex Explains Hemineglect.
Statistically Efficient Estimations Using Cortical Lateral Connections.
Value-Directed Compression of POMDPs.
Bounded Finite State Controllers.
VDCBPI: an Approximate Scalable Algorithm for Large POMDPs.
New Criteria and a New Algorithm for Learning in Multi-Agent Systems.
Independent Component Analysis of Intracellular Calcium Spike Data.
Discriminability-Based Transfer between Neural Networks.
Multi-time Models for Temporally Abstract Planning.
Off-policy Learning with Options and Recognizers.
Obstacle Avoidance through Reinforcement Learning.
Pairwise Neural Network Classifiers with Probabilistic Outputs.
Analytical Study of the Interplay between Architecture and Predictability.
Analysis of Short Term Memories for Neural Networks.
Dynamic Modelling of Chaotic Time Series with Neural Networks.
Modeling Applications with the Focused Gamma Net.
Transient Signal Detection with Neural Networks: The Search for the Desired Signal.
The Use of Classifiers in Sequential Inference.
Conditional Random Fields for Object Recognition.
Application of SVMs for Colour Classification and Collision Detection with AIBO Robots.
Unsupervised Color Decomposition Of Histologically Stained Tissue Samples.
On-Line Learning with Restricted Training Sets: Exact Solution as Benchmark for General Theories.
Estimation of Intrinsic Dimensionality Using High-Rate Vector Quantization.
Location Estimation with a Differential Update Network.
Classification with Hybrid Generative/Discriminative Models.
Dynamical Modeling with Kernels for Nonlinear Time Series Prediction.
Information Measure Based Skeletonisation.
Chemosensory Processing in a Spiking Model of the Olfactory Bulb: Chemotopic Convergence and Center Surround Inhibition.
Automatic Annotation of Everyday Movements.
Learning Macro-Actions in Reinforcement Learning.
MIME: Mutual Information Minimization and Entropy Maximization for Bayesian Belief Propagation.
A Convergence Proof for the Softassign Quadratic Assignment Algorithm.
v-Arc: Ensemble Learning in the Presence of Outliers.
Learning Lie Groups for Invariant Visual Perception.
Adapting Codes and Embeddings for Polychotomies.
Predictive Sequence Learning in Recurrent Neocortical Circuits.
Scaling Laws and Local Minima in Hebbian ICA.
Modeling Saccadic Targeting in Visual Search.
Globally Optimal On-line Learning Rules.
A Bayesian Network for Real-Time Musical Accompaniment.
Explorations with the Dynamic Wave Model.
A Practical Monte Carlo Implementation of Bayesian Learning.
Processing of Visual and Auditory Space and Its Modification by Experience.
The Infinite Gaussian Mixture Model.
Preconditioner Approximations for Probabilistic Graphical Models.
Occam's Razor.
Learning in Feedforward Networks with Nonsmooth Functions.
Infinite Mixtures of Gaussian Process Experts.
Modeling Interactions of the Rat's Place and Head Direction Systems.
Bayesian Monte Carlo.
Causal Categorization with Bayes Nets.
Gaussian Processes in Reinforcement Learning.
Model Matching and SFMD Computation.
Simulation and Measurement of the Electric Fields Generated by Weakly Electric Fish.
Generalized Hopfield Networks and Nonlinear Optimization.
An Incremental Nearest Neighbor Algorithm with Queries.
Cue Integration for Figure/Ground Labeling.
On the Convergence of Leveraging.
Hybrid Circuits of Interacting Computer Model and Biological Neurons.
Regularizing AdaBoost.
TD(0) Leads to Better Policies than Approximate Value Iteration.
Learning Temporal Dependencies in Connectionist Speech Recognition.
Connectionist Optimisation of Tied Mixture Hidden Markov Models.
A Recurrent Model of the Interaction Between Prefrontal and Inferotemporal Cortex in Delay Tasks.
Discriminating Deformable Shape Classes.
An Information Maximization Model of Eye Movements.
Sensory Modality Segregation.
Signal Processing by Multiplexing and Demultiplexing in Neurons.
A Systematic Study of the Input/Output Properties of a 2 Compartment Model Neuron With Active Membranes.
Learning Classification with Unlabeled Data.
On the Infeasibility of Training Neural Networks with Small Squared Errors.
The Intelligent surfer: Probabilistic Combination of Link and Content Information in PageRank.
A Note on Learning Vector Quantization.
Neural Implementation of Bayesian Inference in Population Codes.
Training a Quantum Neural Network.
Using Helmholtz Machines to Analyze Multi-channel Neuronal Recordings.
Optimal Filtering in the Salamander Retina.
Stable Dynamic Parameter Adaption.
A Smoothing Regularizer for Recurrent Neural Networks.
Neural Models for Part-Whole Hierarchies.
Constructing Distributed Representations Using Additive Clustering.
Multi-effect Decompositions for Financial Data Modeling.
Just One View: Invariances in Inferotemporal Cell Tuning.
Dynamics of On-Line Gradient Descent Learning for Multilayer Neural Networks.
A New Approach to Hybrid HMM/ANN Speech Recognition using Mutual Information Neural Networks.
Learning with Noise and Regularizers in Multilayer Neural Networks.
Multi-Electrode Spike Sorting by Clustering Transfer Functions.
A Hierarchical Model of Complex Cells in Visual Cortex for the Binocular Perception of Motion-in-Depth.
Learning Sequential Tasks by Incrementally Adding Higher Orders.
An Architectural Mechanism for Direction-tuned Cortical Simple Cells: The Role of Mutual Inhibition.
RCC Cannot Compute Certain FSA, Even with Arbitrary Transfer Functions.
Patterns of damage in neural networks: The effects of lesion area, shape and number.
A Unified Learning Scheme: Bayesian-Kullback Ying-Yang Machines.
Understanding Stepwise Generalization of Support Vector Machines: a Toy Model.
Reinforcement Learning by Probability Matching.
Brain Inspired Reinforcement Learning.
A Neurocomputer Board Based on the ANNA Neural Network Chip.
Neural Network Modeling of Speech and Music Signals.
The Fidelity of Local Ordinal Encoding.
Information Processing to Create Eye Movements.
Oriented Non-Radial Basis Functions for Image Coding and Analysis.
Static and Dynamic Error Propagation Networks with Application to Speech Coding.
Algorithms for Better Representation and Faster Learning in Radial Basis Function Networks.
Reinforcement Learning Using Approximate Belief States.
A Biologically Plausible Algorithm for Reinforcement-shaped Representational Learning.
Recurrent Neural Networks Can Learn to Implement Symbol-Sensitive Counting.
How Linear are Auditory Cortical Responses?.
Statistical Prediction with Kanerva's Sparse Distributed Memory.
Evidence Optimization Techniques for Estimating Stimulus-Response Functions.
Predicting Weather Using a Genetic Memory: A Combination of Kanerva's Sparse Distributed Memory with Holland's Genetic Algorithms.
Reconstructing MEG Sources with Unknown Correlations.
Data Analysis Using G/Splines.
A Neural Model of Delusions and Hallucinations in Schizophrenia.
Using Random Forests in the Structured Language Model.
An Attractor Neural Network Model of Recall and Recognition.
Self-Organizing Rules for Robust Principal Component Analysis.
Learning to Take Concurrent Actions.
An Analysis of Turbo Decoding with Gaussian Densities.
Coarticulation in Markov Decision Processes.
On the Separation of Signals from Neighboring Cells in Tetrode Recordings.
The "Moving Targets" Training Algorithm.
Second-order Learning Algorithm with Squared Penalty Term.
Time Trials on Second-Order and Variable-Learning-Rate Algorithms.
Semi-parametric Exponential Family PCA.
The Generalisation Cost of RAMnets.
Dual Mechanisms for Neural Binding and Segmentation.
Natural Dolphin Echo Recognition Using an Integrator Gateway Network.
A Network Mechanism for the Determination of Shape-from-Texture.
A Classification-based Cocktail-party Processor.
Tight Bounds for the VC-Dimension of Piecewise Polynomial Networks.
Optoelectronic Implementation of a FitzHugh-Nagumo Neural Model.
Learning Factored Representations for Partially Observable Markov Decision Processes.
The Power of Amnesia.
Using Free Energies to Represent Q-values in a Multiagent Reinforcement Learning Task.
Generalization to Unseen Cases.
Learning Sparse Multiscale Image Representations.
Learning Body Pose via Specialized Maps.
Classification of Multi-Spectral Pixels by the Binary Diamond Neural Network.
Learning, Regularization and Ill-Posed Inverse Problems.
Estimating Internal Variables and Paramters of a Learning Agent by a Particle Filter.
Broadband Direction-Of-Arrival Estimation Based on Second Order Statistics.
Learning in Rational Agents.
Neural Control for Nonlinear Dynamic Systems.
Neural Control for Rolling Mills: Incorporating Domain Theories to Overcome Data Deficiency.
An Optimality Principle for Unsupervised Learning.
Learning by State Recurrence Detection.
Basis-Function Trees as a Generalization of Local Variable Selection Methods.
Adaptive Range Coding.
A Practice Strategy for Robot Learning Control.
A Connectionist Model of the Owl's Sound Localization System.
Two Iterative Algorithms for Computing the Singular Value Decomposition from Input/Output Samples.
A Neural Network that Learns to Interpret Myocardial Planar Thallium Scintigrams.
Optimal Unsupervised Motor Learning Predicts the Internal Representation of Barn Owl Head Movements.
Bayesian Color Constancy with Non-Gaussian Models.
Optimal Movement Primitives.
Scaling Properties of Coarse-Coded Symbol Memories.
Iterative Construction of Sparse Polynomial Approximations.
General-Purpose Localization of Textured Image Regions.
Bayesian Models of Inductive Generalization.
Multiple Cause Vector Quantization.
A Massively Parallel Self-Tuning Context-Free Parser.
Closed-Form Inversion of Backpropagation Networks.
Minimum Bayes Error Feature Selection for Continuous Speech Recognition.
Following Curved Regularized Optimization Solution Paths.
Semi-Markov Conditional Random Fields for Information Extraction.
Boosting Density Estimation.
Dynamic Social Network Analysis using Latent Space Models.
Margin Maximizing Loss Functions.
Visual Motion Computation in Analog VLSI Using Pulses.
A Method for Inferring Label Sampling Mechanisms in Semi-Supervised Learning.
Reinforcement Learning Based on On-Line EM Algorithm.
Outlier Detection with One-class Kernel Fisher Discriminants.
Generalized Learning Vector Quantization.
Feature Selection in Clustering Problems.
A Reconfigurable Analog VLSI Neural Network Chip.
Going Metric: Denoising Pairwise Data.
Periodic Component Analysis: An Eigenvalue Method for Representing Periodic Structure in Speech.
Nonlinear Discriminant Analysis Using Kernel Functions.
Boltzmann Chains and Hidden Markov Models.
One Microphone Source Separation.
Exploiting Tractable Substructures in Intractable Networks.
EM Algorithms for PCA and SPCA.
A Variational Principle for Model-based Morphing.
Constrained Hidden Markov Models.
Multiplicative Updates for Classification by Mixture Models.
Global Coordination of Local Linear Models.
Real Time Voice Processing with Audiovisual Feedback: Toward Autonomous Agents with Perfect Pitch.
Human Face Detection in Visual Scenes.
Modeling Acoustic Correlations by Factor Analysis.
Exponential Family PCA for Belief Compression in POMDPs.
Markov Processes on Curves for Automatic Speech Recognition.
Stable LInear Approximations to Dynamic Programming for Stochastic Control Problems with Local Transitions.
Logic and MRF Circuitry for Labeling Occluding and Thinline Visual Contours.
Coastal Navigation with Mobile Robots.
A Real Time Clustering CMOS Neural Engine.
On the Circuit Complexity of Neural Networks.
Intrusion Detection with Neural Networks.
Expected and Unexpected Uncertainty: ACh and NE in the Neocortex.
Complexity Issues in Neural Computation and Learning.
Unsupervised Learning of Mixtures of Multiple Causes in Binary Data.
Visual Encoding with Jittering Eyes.
Structural and Behavioral Evolution of Recurrent Networks.
Eye movements and the maturation of cortical orientation selectivity.
String Kernels, Fisher Kernels and Finite State Automata.
A Nonlinear Predictive State Representation.
Learning Depth from Single Monocular Images.
Statistics of Natural Images: Scaling in the Woods.
Identifying Distributed Object Representations in Human Extrastriate Visual Cortex.
On the Dynamics of Boosting.
Modeling Small Oscillating Biological Networks in Analog VLSI.
Spike-Timing-Dependent Learning for Oscillatory Networks.
Learning from Demonstration.
Assessing the Quality of Learned Local Models.
From Isolation to Cooperation: An Alternative View of a System of Experts.
Local Dimensionality Reduction.
An Analog VLSI Model of Periodicity Extraction.
Improved Silicon Cochlea using Compatible Lateral Bipolar Transistors.
A Silicon Model of Amplitude Modulation Detection in the Auditory Brainstem.
An aVLSI Cricket Ear Model.
Comparison of Human and Machine Word Recognition.
Recognition-Based Segmentation of On-Line Hand-Printed Words.
Neural Networks Structured for Control Application to Aircraft Landing.
Bias-Optimal Incremental Problem Solving.
Reinforcement Learning in Markovian and Non-Markovian Environments.
Learning Unambiguous Reduced Sequence Descriptions.
Predictive Coding with Neural Nets: Application to Text Compression.
Computing Time Lower Bounds for Recurrent Sigmoidal Neural Networks.
Lower Bounds on the Complexity of Approximating Continuous Functions by Sigmoidal Neural Networks.
On the Accuracy of Bounded Rationality: How Far from Optimal Is Fast and Frugal?.
Exploiting Model Uncertainty Estimates for Safe Dynamic Control Learning.
An Information Theoretic Approach to the Functional Classification of Neurons.
Universality and Individuality in a Neural Code.
Information Capacity and Robustness of Stochastic Neuron Models.
Machine Learning for Video-Based Rendering.
Optimality of Reinforcement Learning Algorithms with Linear Function Approximation.
Convergent Combinations of Reinforcement Learning with Linear Function Approximation.
The Kernel Trick for Distances.
Shrinking the Tube: A New Support Vector Regression Algorithm.
Kernel Methods for Implicit Surface Modeling.
Prior Knowledge in Support Vector Kernels.
Support Vector Method for Novelty Detection.
Application of Blind Separation of Sources to Optical Recording of Brain Activity.
Fast Online Policy Gradient Learning with SMD Gain Vector Adaptation.
Temporal Difference Learning of Position Evaluation in the Game of Go.
Online Independent Component Analysis with Local Learning Rate Adaptation.
Competitive Anti-Hebbian Learning of Invariants.
Unsupervised Discrimination of Clustered Data via Optimization of Binary Information Gain.
Plasticity-Mediated Competitive Learning.
Tempering Backpropagation Networks: Not All Weights are Created Equal.
An Adaptive and Heterodyne Filtering Procedure for the Imaging of Moving Objects.
Learning a Distance Metric from Relative Comparisons.
The Information-Form Data Association Filter.
Edge of Chaos Computation in Mixed-Mode VLSI - A Hard Liquid.
Better Generative Models for Sequential Data Problems: Bidirectional Recurrent Mixture Density Networks.
Burst Synchronization without Frequency Locking in a Completely Solvable Neural Network Model.
Word Space.
Greedy Importance Sampling.
Direct value-approximation for factored MDPs.
GPPS: A Gaussian Process Positioning System for Cellular Networks.
Transductive and Inductive Methods for Approximate Gaussian Process Regression.
The RA Scanner: Prediction of Rheumatoid Joint Inflammation Based on Laser Imaging.
Learning Gaussian Process Kernels via Hierarchical Bayes.
Characterizing Neural Gain Control using Spike-triggered Covariance.
Adaptive Neural Networks Using MOS Charge Storage.
Natural Sound Statistics and Divisive Normalization in the Auditory System.
An Analog VLSI Splining Network.
Assignment of Multiplicative Mixtures in Natural Images.
A Bayesian Framework for Tilt Perception and Confidence.
Statistical Mechanics of Learning in a Large Committee Machine.
Discontinuous Generalization in Large Committee Machines.
Training Methods for Adaptive Boosting of Neural Networks.
Transformation Invariant Autoassociation with Application to Handwritten Character Recognition.
A Mean Field Theory of Layer IV of Visual Cortex and Its Application to Artificial Neural Networks.
Pattern Class Degeneracy in an Unrestricted Storage Density Memory.
Dyadic Classification Trees via Structural Risk Minimization.
Near-Minimax Optimal Classification with Dyadic Classification Trees.
On the Adaptive Properties of Decision Trees.
Learning Minimum Volume Sets.
Refined PID Controllers Using Neural Networks.
Covariance Kernels from Bayesian Generative Models.
Bayesian Model Selection for Support Vector Machines, Gaussian Processes and Other Kernel Classifiers.
Probabilistic Abstraction Hierarchies.
Learning Aspect Graph Representations from View Sequences.
Combining Visual and Acoustic Speech Signals with a Neural Network Improves Intelligibility.
Some results on convergent unlearning algorithm.
Forward-backward retraining of recurrent neural networks.
Learning the Solution to the Aperture Problem for Pattern Motion with a Hebb Rule.
Learning to See Rotation and Dilation with a Hebb Rule.
Pairwise Clustering and Graphical Models.
A Summating, Exponentially-Decaying CMOS Synapse for Spiking Neural Systems.
Inference, Attention, and Decision in a Bayesian Neural Architecture.
AER Building Blocks for Multi-Layer Multi-Chip Neuromorphic Vision Systems.
Connectionist Implementation of a Theory of Generalization.
Grouping with Bias.
Learning Subsequential Structure in Simple Recurrent Networks.
An Analog VLSI Neural Network for Phase-based Machine Vision.
The Effect of Catecholamines on Performance: From Unit to System Behavior.
Learning Spike-Based Correlations and Conditional Probabilities in Silicon.
Learning Continuous Attractors in Recurrent Networks.
A Temporal Kernel-Based Model for Tracking Hand Movements from Neural Activities.
Minimax and Hamiltonian Dynamics of Excitatory-Inhibitory Networks.
Spikernels: Embedding Spiking Neurons in Inner-Product Spaces.
Real-Time Pitch Determination of One or More Voices by Nonnegative Matrix Factorization.
An Information Maximization Approach to Overcomplete and Recurrent Representations.
Multiplicative Updates for Nonnegative Quadratic Programming in Support Vector Machines.
Analyzing Cross-Connected Networks.
Interference in Learning Internal Models of Inverse Dynamics in Humans.
Analysis of Unstandardized Contributions in Cross Connected Networks.
Computational Elements of the Adaptive Controller of the Human Arm.
Kodak Imagelink OCR Alphanumeric Handprint Module.
Probabilistic Inference of Alternative Splicing Events in Microarray Data.
Implementing Intelligence on Silicon Using Neuron-Like Functional MOS Transistors.
Online Passive-Aggressive Algorithms.
Discovering Structure from Motion in Monkey, Man and Machine.
Correlation Codes in Neuronal Populations.
An Analog VLSI Model of Central Pattern Generation in the Leech.
Resolving Perceptual Aliasing In The Presence Of Noisy Sensors.
Noisy Neural Networks and Generalizations.
Scaling of Probability-Based Optimization Algorithms.
Attractive People: Assembling Loose-Limbed Models using Non-parametric Belief Propagation.
Non-Linear Statistical Analysis and Self-Organizing Hebbian Networks.
Monotonic Networks.
Reinforcement Learning and Time Perception -- a Model of Animal Experiments.
Monotonicity Hints.
Probabilistic Image Sensor Fusion.
Selecting Landmark Points for Sparse Manifold Learning.
Maximally Informative Dimensions: Analyzing Neural Responses to Natural Signals.
Global Versus Local Methods in Nonlinear Dimensionality Reduction.
Illumination and View Position in 3D Visual Recognition.
Time-Sequential Self-Organization of Hierarchical Neural Networks.
Algebraic Set Kernels with Application to Inference Over Local Image Representations.
Efficient Computation of Complex Distance Metrics Using Hierarchical Filtering.
Ranking with Large Margin Principle: Two Approaches.
Boxlets: A Fast Convolution Algorithm for Signal Processing and Neural Networks.
Grouping Contours by Iterated Pairing Networks.
Neuron-MOS Temporal Winner Search Hardware for Fully-Parallel Data Processing.
Threshold Network Learning in the Presence of Equivalences.
Dynamic Time-Alignment Kernel in Support Vector Machine.
Data-Dependent Structural Risk Minimization for Perceptron Decision Trees.
Information Theoretic Analysis of Connection Structure from Spike Trains.
Dynamic Foreground/Background Extraction from Images and Videos using Random Patches.
On the Concentration of Spectral Properties.
Unsupervised Regression with Applications to Nonlinear System Identification.
Parameter Expanded Variational Bayesian Methods.
The Stability of Kernel Principal Components Analysis and its Relation to the Process Eigenspectrum.
Learning Shared Latent Structure for Image Synthesis and Robotic Imitation.
A Local Learning Approach for Clustering.
Generalisation of A Class of Continuous Neural Networks.
Efficient Pattern Recognition Using a New Transformation Distance.
Balancing Multiple Sources of Reward in Reinforcement Learning.
Backpropagation without Multiplication.
Fast Gaussian Process Regression using KD-Trees.
Reverse TDNN: An Architecture For Trajectory Generation.
Dynamic Bayesian Networks for Brain-Computer Interfaces.
Computing Gaussian Mixture Models with EM Using Equivalence Constraints.
Fixed Point Analysis for Recurrent Networks.
Teaching Artificial Neural Systems to Drive: Manual Training Techniques for Autonomous Systems.
Shaping the State Space Landscape in Recurrent Networks.
Tangent Prop - A Formalism for Specifying Selected Invariances in an Adaptive Network.
Acoustic-Imaging Computations by Echolocating Bats: Unification of Diversely-Represented Stimulus Features into Whole Images.
Modeling Surround Suppression in V1 Neurons with a Statistically Derived Normalization Model.
Development of Hybrid Systems: Interfacing a Silicon Neuron to a Leech Heart Interneuron.
Adaptive Mixture of Probabilistic Transducers.
Leveraged Vector Machines.
A Computer Simulation of Cerebral Neocortex: Computational Capabilities of Nonlinear Neural Networks.
Improved Hidden Markov Models Speech Recognition Using Radial Basis Function Networks.
Decoding Cursive Scripts.
Training Algorithms for Hidden Markov Models using Entropy Based Distance Functions.
Batch and On-Line Parameter Estimation of Gaussian Mixtures Based on the Joint Entropy.
The Efficient Learning of Multiple Task Sequences.
Reinforcement Learning for Dynamic Channel Allocation in Cellular Telephone Systems.
Intrinsically Motivated Reinforcement Learning.
Robust Reinforcement Learning in Motion Planning.
How to Dynamically Merge Markov Decision Processes.
Analytical Mean Squared Error Curves in Temporal Difference Learning.
Reinforcement Learning with Soft State Aggregation.
Reinforcement Learning for Spoken Dialogue Systems.
Training Multilayer Perceptrons with the Extende Kalman Algorithm.
Ocular Dominance and Patterned Lateral Connections in a Self-Organizing Model of the Primary Visual Cortex.
Neural Computing with Small Weights.
Optimal Depth Neural Networks for Multiplication and Related Problems.
Computing with Almost Optimal Size Neural Networks.
A Model of the Neural Basis of the Rat's Sense of Direction.
An Information-Theoretic Approach to Deciphering the Hippocampal Code.
Discontinuous Recall Transitions Induced by Competition Between Short- and Long-Range Interactions in Recurrent Networks.
Feedback Synapse to Cone and Light Adaptation.
Pattern Playback in the 90s.
FaceSync: A Linear Operator for Measuring Synchronization of Video Facial Images and Audio Tracks.
Agglomerative Multivariate Information Bottleneck.
Agglomerative Information Bottleneck.
Maximum Likelihood and the Information Bottleneck.
Conditional Visual Tracking in Kernel Space.
Onset-based Sound Segmentation.
The Early Word Catches the Weights.
Speech Modelling Using Subspace and EM Techniques.
Speech Recognition using SVMs.
Learning Efficient Auditory Codes Using Spikes Predicts Cochlear Filters.
Bayesian Inference of Regular Grammar and Markov Source Models.
Sparse Greedy Gaussian Process Regression.
Semiparametric Support Vector and Linear Programming Machines.
Regularization with Dot-Product Kernels.
From Regularization Operators to Support Vector Kernels.
The Entropy Regularization Information Criterion.
Laplace Propagation.
Analysis of Distributed Representation of Constituent Structure in Connectionist Systems.
Harmonic Grammars for Formal Languages.
Dataflow Architectures: Flexible Platforms for Neural Network Simulation.
On Stochastic Complexity and Admissible Models for Neural Network Classifiers.
Probabilistic Anomaly Detection in Dynamic Systems.
Clustering Sequences with Hidden Markov Models.
Inferring Ground Truth from Subjective Labelling of Venus Images.
Fault Diagnosis of Antenna Pointing Systems Using Hybrid Neural Network and Signal Processing Models.
Stacked Density Estimation.
Temporal Representations in a Connectionist Speech System.
Asymptotic Slowing Down of the Nearest-Neighbor Classifier.
Estimating the Bayes Risk from Sample Data.
Sparse Gaussian Processes using Pseudo-inputs.
Warped Gaussian Processes.
A Probabilistic Model for Learning Concatenative Morphology.
Learning Syntactic Patterns for Automatic Hypernym Discovery.
Kohonen Networks and Clustering.
The Rectified Gaussian Distribution.
Unsupervised Pixel-prediction.
Can Simple Cells Learn Curves? A Hebbian Model in a Structured Environment.
The Decision List Machine.
Derivative Observations in Gaussian Process Models of Dynamic Systems.
Unsupervised Context Sensitive Language Acquisition from a Large Corpus.
Automatic Acquisition and Efficient Representation of Syntactic Structures.
Surface Reconstruction using Learned Shape Models.
Gaussian Process Regression with Mismatched Models.
Learning in large linear perceptrons and why the thermodynamic limit is relevant to the real world.
Learning Curves for Gaussian Processes.
Probabilistic Methods for Support Vector Machines.
Online Learning from Finite Training Sets: An Analytical Case Study.
On-line Learning from Finite Training Sets in Nonlinear Networks.
Learning with ensembles: How overfitting can be useful.
Learning from queries for maximum information gain in imperfectly learnable problems.
Using the Equivalent Kernel to Understand Gaussian Process Regression.
Bidirectional Retrieval from Associative Memory.
A Constructive Learning Algorithm for Discriminant Tangent Models.
Incorporating Contextual Information in White Blood Cell Identification.
Phase Synchrony Rate for the Recognition of Motor Imagery in Brain-Computer Interface.
Unsupervised Learning of Human Motion Models.
Image Recognition in Context: Application to Microscopic Urinalysis.
A General and Efficient Multiple Kernel Learning Algorithm.
Remarks on Interpolation and Recognition Using Neural Nets.
ART2/BP Architecture for Adaptive Estimation of Dynamic Processes.
Regularized Greedy Importance Sampling.
Bach in a Box - Real-Time Harmony.
Anatomical origin and computational role of diversity in the response properties of cortical neurons.
The Computation of Sound Source Evaluation in the Barn Owl.
Hierarchical Image Probability (H1P) Models.
Coarse-to-Fine Image Search Using Neural Networks.
Neuronal Maps for Sensory-Motor Control in the Barn Owl.
Applications of Multi-Resolution Neural Networks to Mammography.
Encoding Labeled Graphs by Labeling RAAM.
A Rapid Graph-based Method for Arbitrary Transformation-Invariant Pattern Classification.
Eye Movements for Reward Maximization.
Generalization Error Bounds for Collaborative Prediction with Low-Rank Matrices.
Linear Dependent Dimensionality Reduction.
Maximum-Margin Matrix Factorization.
A Computational Geometric Approach to Shape Analysis in Images.
APRICODD: Approximate Policy Construction Using Decision Diagrams.
Spatial Organization of Neural Networks: A Probabilistic Modeling Approach.
Fast Network Pruning and Feature Extraction by using the Unit-OBS Algorithm.
Storing Covariance by the Associative Long-Term Potentation and Depression of Synaptic Strengths in the Hippocampus.
Transform-invariant Image Decomposition with Similarity Templates.
On the Dirichlet Prior and Bayesian Regularization.
Bias-Corrected Bootstrap and Model Uncertainty.
A Lagrangian Formulation For Optical Backpropagation Training In Kerr-Type Optical Networks.
Sparseness of Support Vector Machines---Some Asymptotically Sharp Bounds.
Density Level Detection is Classification.
Fast Rates to Bayes for Kernel Machines.
Information Maximization in Single Neurons.
Synchronization, Oscillations and 1/f Noise in Networks of Spiking Neurons.
A Mixture Model System for Medical and Machine Diagnosis.
Learning Decision Theoretic Utilities through Reinforcement Learning.
Stimulus Encoding by Multidimensional Receptive Fields in Single Cells and Cell Populations in V1 of Awake Monkey.
Modelling Uncertainty in the Game of Go.
Statistical Reliability of a Blowfly Movement-Sensitive Neuron.
Tonal Music as a Componential Code: Learning Temporal Relationships between and within Pitch and Timing Components.
Information through a Spiking Neuron.
When is an Integrate-and-fire Neuron like a Poisson Neuron?
Prediction and Change Detection.
Geometric Clustering Using the Information Bottleneck Method.
Four-legged Walking Gait Control Using a Neuromorphic Chip Interfaced to a Support Vector Learning Algorithm.
Computation of Smooth Optical Flow in a Feedback Connected Analog Network.
Constraining a Bayesian Model of Human Visual Speed Perception.
Sensory Adaptation within a Bayesian Framework for Perception.
Hidden Markov Model} Induction by Bayesian Model Merging.
Merging Constrained Optimisation with Deterministic Annealing to Solve Combinatorially Hard Problems.
Beating a Defender in Robotic Soccer: Memory-Based Learning of a Continuous Function.
Dynamic Structure Super-Resolution.
Generalised Propagation for Fast Fourier Transforms with Partial or Missing Data.
A Dynamical Approach to Temporal Pattern Processing.
Sparse Greedy Minimax Probability Machine Classification.
A Formulation for Minimax Probability Machine Regression.
Direction Selectivity In Primary Visual Cortex Using Massive Intracortical Connections.
Distributed Occlusion Reasoning for Tracking with Nonparametric Belief Propagation.
Describing Visual Scenes using Transformed Dirichlet Processes.
A Reinforcement Learning Algorithm in Partially Observable Environments Using Short-Term Memory.
A Holistic Approach to Compositional Semantics: A Connectionist Model and Robot Experiments.
Active Learning for Misspecified Models.
Training Data Selection for Optimal Generalization in Trigonometric Polynomial Networks.
Propagation Filters in PDS Networks for Sequencing and Ambiguity Resolution.
Green's Function Method for Fast On-Line Learning Algorithm of Recurrent Neural Networks.
Time Warping Invariant Neural Networks.
A Novel Net that Learns Sequential Decision Process.
Exploiting Chaos to Control the Future.
Predictive App roaches for Choosing Hyperparameters in Gaussian Processes.
Learning direction in global motion: two classes of psychophysically-motivated models.
Active Learning for Function Approximation.
Integrated Modeling and Control Based on Reinforcement Learning.
Generalization in Reinforcement Learning: Successful Examples Using Sparse Coarse Coding.
Network Model of State-Dependent Sequencing.
Policy Gradient Methods for Reinforcement Learning with Function Approximation.
Temporal Abstraction in Temporal-difference Networks.
Improved Switching among Temporally Abstract Actions.
Temporal-Difference Networks.
Self-Organization of Associative Database and Its Applications.
Unsupervised Classification of 3D Objects from 2D Views.
Sequence and Tree Kernels with Statistical Feature Mining.
Kernels for Structured Natural Language Data.
Stationarity of Synaptic Coupling Strength Between Neurons with Nonstationary Discharge Properties.
On Input Selection with Reversible Jump Markov Chain Monte Carlo Sampling.
Experiences with Bayesian Learning in a Real World Application.
Bayesian time series classification.
Adaptive Classification by Variational Kalman Filtering.
The Asymptotic Convergence-Rate of Q-learning.
Kernel Expansions with Unlabeled Examples.
Partially labeled classification with Markov random walks.
Information Regularization with Partially Labeled Data.
Topographic Map Formation by Silicon Growth Cones.
Silicon growth cones map silicon retina.
A Neural-Network Solution to the Concentrator Assignment Problem.
Temporally changing synaptic plasticity.
Analysis of Bit Error Probability of Direct-Sequence CDMA Multiuser Demodulators.
Theory of Self-Organization of Cortical Maps.
Interaction Among Ocularity, Retinotopy and On-center/Off-center Pathways.
A Theory of Mean Field Approximation.
Different Cortico-Basal Ganglia Loops Specialize in Reward Prediction at Different Time Scales.
Information-Geometrical Significance of Sparsity in Gallager Codes.
Analytic Solutions to the Formation of Feature-Analysing Cells of a Three-Layer Feedforward Visual Information Processing Neural Net.
Cholinergic Modulation Preserves Spike Timing Under Physiologically Realistic Fluctuating Input.
An MEG Study of Response Latency and Variability in the Human Visual System During a Visual-Motor Integration Task.
A Dynamical Systems Approach for a Learnable Autonomous Robot.
Recovering Intrinsic Images from a Single Image.
Real-Time Autonomous Robot Navigation Using VLSI Neural Networks.
Max-Margin Markov Networks.
Structured Prediction via the Extragradient Method.
Link Prediction in Relational Data.
Does the Neuron "Learn" Like the Synapse?
Recovering Articulated Model Topology from Observed Rigid Motion.
Noise Suppression Based on Neurophysiologically-motivated SNR Estimation for Robust Speech Recognition.
Performance Through Consistency: MS-TDNN's for Large Vocabulary Continuous Speech Recognition.
Continuous Speech Recognition by Linked Predictive Neural Networks.
A Four Neuron Circuit Accounts for Change Sensitive Inhibition in Salamander Retina.
Why Neuronal Dynamics Should Control Synaptic Learning Rules.
Rate-coded Restricted Boltzmann Machines for Face Recognition.
Sharing Clusters among Related Groups: Hierarchical Dirichlet Processes.
Automatic Alignment of Local Representations.
The Unified Propagation and Scaling Algorithm.
Learning the Structure of Similarity.
Mapping a Manifold of Perceptual Observations.
Bayesian Modeling of Human Concept Learning.
Rules and Similarity in Concept Learning.
Separating Style and Content.
Structure Learning in Human Causal Induction.
Theory-Based Causal Inference.
Factorial Learning by Clustering Features.
Entrainment of Silicon Central Pattern Generators for Legged Locomotory Control.
Using Neural Networks to Improve Cochlear Implant Speech Perception.
Self Organizing Neural Networks for the Identification Problem.
Extending Q-Learning to General Adaptive Multi-Agent Systems.
Connectionist Learning of Expert Preferences by Comparison Training.
Practical Issues in Temporal Difference Learning.
On-line Policy Improvement using Monte-Carlo Search.
A 'Neural' Network that Learns to Play Backgammon.
Approximate Planning in POMDPs with Macro-Actions.
Multimodular Architecture fir Remote Sensing Options.
Bayesian Backprop in Action: Pruning, Committees, Error Bars and an Application to Spectroscopy.
The Diffusion-Limited Biochemical Signal-Relay Channel.
Orientation, Scale, and Discontinuity as Emergent Properties of Illusory Contour Shape.
Rapid Visual Processing using Spike Asynchrony.
Affine Structure From Sound.
Extracting Rules from Artifical Neural Networks with Distributed Representations.
Learning to Play the Game of Chess.
Is Learning The n-th Thing Any Easier Than Learning The First?
Monte Carlo POMDPs.
Risk Sensitive Particle Filters.
Active Exploration in Dynamic Environments.
Planning with an Adaptive World Model.
Finding Structure in Reinforcement Learning.
Unsupervised Color Constancy.
Predicting EMG Data from M1 Neurons with Variational Bayesian Least Squares.
Building Predictive Models from Fractal Representations of Symbolic Sequences.
Sparse Kernel Principal Component Analysis.
Probabilistic Visualisation of High-Dimensional Binary Data.
The Relevance Vector Machine.
Bayesian Image Super-Resolution.
Data Clustering by Markovian Relaxation and the Information Bottleneck Method.
Adaptive Object Representation with Hierarchically-Distributed Memory Sites.
Heuristics for Ordering Cue Search in Decision Making.
A Minimal Intervention Principle for Coordinated Movement.
A Model of Recurrent Interactions in Primary Visual Cortex.
Introduction to a System for Implementing Neural Net Connections on SIMD Architectures.
Active Learning for Parameter Estimation in Bayesian Networks.
Evolving Learnable Languages.
Adjoint-Functions and Temporal Learning Algorithms in Neural Networks.
Learning Discriminative Feature Transforms to Low Dimensions in Low Dimentions.
Blind Separation of Radio Signals in Fading Channels.
Contextual Modulation of Target Saliency.
Contextual Models for Object Detection Using Boosted Random Fields.
Learning Non-Rigid 3D Shape from 2D Motion.
Analyzing the Energy Landscapes of Distributed Winner-Take-All Networks.
Rule Representations in a Connectionist Chunker.
A Computational Basis for Phonology.
Exploiting Syllable Structure in a Connectionist Phonology Model.
Learning a World Model and Planning with a Self-Organizing, Dynamic Neural System.
Using Unlabeled Data for Supervised Learning.
A Knowledge-Based Model of Geometry Learning.
Interpretation of Artificial Neural Networks: Mapping Knowledge-Based Neural Networks into Rules.
Spike-timing Dependent Plasticity and Mutual Information Maximization for a Spiking Neuron Model.
Effective Size of Receptive Fields of Inferior Temporal Visual Cortex Neurons in Natural Scenes.
Mixtures of Gaussian Processes.
A Neural Network Approach for Three-Dimensional Object Recognition.
Training Neural Networks with Deficient Data.
A Solution for Missing Data in Recurrent Neural Networks with an Application to Blood Glucose Prediction.
Network Structuring and Training Using Rule-Based Knowledge.
Efficient Methods for Dealing with Missing Data in Supervised Learning.
Early Brain Damage.
Combining Estimators Using Non-Constant Weighting Functions.
Synergies between Intrinsic and Synaptic Plasticity in Individual Model Neurons.
A Neuromorphic Multi-chip Model of a Disparity Selective Complex Cell.
A Mulitscale Attentional Framework for Relaxation Neural Networks.
Analysis of Temporal-Diffference Learning with Function Approximation.
Approximate Solutions to Optimal Stopping Problems.
Application of Neural Network Methodology to the Modelling of the Yield Strength in a Steel Rolling Plate Mill.
Comparison of Three Classification Techniques: CART, C4.5 and Multi-Layer Perceptrons.
Classification of Electroencephalogram Using Artificial Neural Networks.
Clustering with the Fisher Score.
A New Discriminative Kernel From Probabilistic Models.
Image Reconstruction by Linear Programming.
Matrix Exponential Gradient Updates for On-line Learning and Bregman Projection.
Phase-Space Learning.
Spectroscopic Detection of Cervical Pre-Cancer through Radial Basis Function Networks.
A Neural Network for Motion Detection of Drift-Balanced Stimuli.
Self-similarity Properties of Natural Images.
Sample Size Requirements for Feedforward Neural Networks.
Morphogenesis of the Lateral Geniculate Nucleus: How Singularities Affect Global Structure.
Deterministic Annealing Variant of the EM Algorithm.
SMEM Algorithm for Mixture Models.
Parametric Mixture Models for Multi-Labeled Text.
Integration of Visual and Somatosensory Information for Preshaping Hand in Grasping Movements.
Generalization error bounds for classifiers trained with interdependent data.
Learning in Compositional Hierarchies: Inducing the Structure of Objects from Data.
Improving Convergence in Hierarchical Matching Networks for Object Recognition.
Generalized Model Selection for Unsupervised Learning in High Dimensions.
Principles of Risk Minimization for Learning Theory.
Support Vector Method for Function Approximation, Regression Estimation and Signal Processing.
Support Vector Method for Multivariate Density Estimation.
Feature Selection by Maximum Marginal Diversity.
Bayesian Video Shot Segmentation.
Multiresolution Tangent Distance for Affine-invariant Classification.
Learning Mixture Hierarchies.
Learning from User Feedback in Image Retrieval Systems.
Neuromorphic Networks Based on Sparse Optical Orthogonal Codes.
Neural Network Analysis of Event Related Potentials and Electroencephalogram Predicts Vigilance.
Non-linear CCA and PCA by Alignment of Local Models.
Goal-Based Imitation as Probabilistic Inference over Graphical Models.
Sequential Bayesian Kernel Regression.
Use of a Multi-Layer Perceptron to Predict Malignancy in Ovarian Tumors.
Graph-Driven Feature Extraction From Microarray Data Using Diffusion Kernels and Kernel CCA.
Kernels for gene regulatory regions.
Consistency of one-class SVM and related algorithms.
Supervised Graph Inference.
Error-correcting Codes on a Bethe-like Lattice.
Synchronization in Neural Nets.
Independent Component Analysis for Identification of Artifacts in Magnetoencephalographic Recordings.
K-Local Hyperplane and Convex Distance Nearest Neighbor Algorithms.
Manifold Parzen Windows.
Modeling Complex Cells in an Awake Macaque during Natural Image Viewing.
Inferring a Semantic Representation of Text via Cross-Language Correlation Analysis.
Neurally Inspired Plasticity in Oculomotor Processes.
Fast and Robust Classification using Asymmetric AdaBoost and a Detector Cascade.
Recurrent Eye Tracking Network Using a Distributed Representation of Image Motion.
Multiple Instance Boosting for Object Detection.
Empirical Entropy Manipulation for Real-World Problems.
Binet-Cauchy Kernels.
Fast Kernels for String and Tree Matching.
Instance-Specific Bayesian Model Averaging for Classification.
Discovering Hidden Features with Gaussian Processes Regression.
Saliency-Driven Image Acuity Modulation on a Reconfigurable Array of Spiking Silicon Neurons.
Spike Timing-Dependent Plasticity in the Address Domain.
Multi Dimensional ICA to Separate Correlated Sources.
Nonlinear Filtering of Electron Micrographs by Means of Support Vector Regression.
Competitive On-line Linear Regression.
Self-calibrating Probability Forecasting.
Whence Sparseness?
A Theory for Neural Networks with Time Delays.
A Computational Model for Cursive Handwriting Based on the Minimization Principle.
The Bias-Variance Tradeoff and the Randomized GACV.
Structured Machine Learning for Soft Classification with Smoothing Spline ANOVA and Stacked Tuning, Testing, and Evaluation.
Consonant Recognition by Modular Construction of Large Phonemic Time-Delay Neural Networks.
JANUS: Speech-to-Speech Translation Using Connectionist and Non-Connectionist Techniques.
Estimating the wrong Markov random field: Benefits in the computation-limited setting.
Semidefinite Relaxations for Approximate Inference on Graphs with Cycles.
Tree-based reparameterization for approximate inference on loopy graphs.
Exact MAP Estimates by (Hyper)tree Agreement.
Scale Mixtures of Gaussians and the Statistics of Natural Images.
Tree-Based Modeling and Estimation of Gaussian Processes on Graphs with Cycles.
Recovery of Jointly Sparse Signals from Few Random Projections.
Training a Limited-Interconnect, Synthetic Neural IC.
Investment Learning with Hierarchical PSOMs.
Parametrizing Feature Sensitive Cell Formation in Linsker Networks in the Auditory System.
Interpolating Earth-science Data using RBF Networks and Mixtures of Experts.
Dual Estimation and the Unscented Transformation.
Dual Kalman Filtering Methods for Nonlinear Prediction, Smoothing and Estimation.
Stabilizing Value Function Approximation with the BFBP Algorithm.
Gaussian Process Dynamical Models.
Training fMRI Classifiers to Discriminate Cognitive States across Multiple Subjects.
Absence of Cycles in Symmetric Neural Networks.
Salient Boundary Detection using Ratio Contour.
Asynchronous Dynamics of Continuous Time Neural Networks.
A Multiscale Adaptive Network Model of Motion Computation in Primates.
Group and Topic Discovery from Relations and Their Attributes.
Reinforcement Learning to Play an Optimal Nash Equilibrium in Team Markov Games.
Learning Near-Pareto-Optimal Conventions in Polynomial Time.
Local Phase Coherence and the Perception of Blur.
Identifying Protein-Protein Interaction Sites on a Genome-Wide Scale.
Synchrony and Desynchrony in Neural Oscillator Networks.
Temporal Dynamics of Generalization in Neural Networks.
Optimal Stopping and Effective Machine Complexity in Learning.
Adaptive Manifold Learning.
A Bayes Rule for Density Matrices.
Relative Loss Bounds, the Minimum Relative Entropy Principle, and EM.
Active Learning in the Drug Discovery Process.
Algebraic Information Geometry for Learning Machines with Singularities.
An Optimization Method of Layered Neural Networks based on the Modified Information Criterion.
Solvable Models of Artificial Neural Networks.
Algebraic Analysis for Non-regular Learning Machines.
The Effect of Singularities in a Learning Machine when the True Parameters Do Not Lie on such Singularities.
Application of Variational Bayesian Approach to Speech Recognition.
Variational Bayesian Stochastic Complexity of Mixture Models.
Ensemble Methods for Phoneme Classification.
Bayesian Methods for Mixtures of Experts.
Non-linear Prediction of Acoustic Vectors Using Hierarchical Mixtures of Experts.
Constructive Algorithms for Hierarchical Mixtures of Experts.
A Hybrid Radial Basis Function Neurocomputer and Its Applications.
Induction of Finite-State Automata Using Second-Order Recurrent Networks.
Event-Driven Simulation of Networks of Spiking Neurons.
SPERT-II: A Vector Microprocessor System and its Application to Large Problems in Backpropagation Training.
Neural Analog Diffusion-Enhancement Layer and Spatio-Temporal Grouping in Early Vision.
Invariant Object Recognition Using a Distributed Associative Memory.
Connectionism for Music and Audition.
Generalization by Weight-Elimination with Application to Forecasting.
Learning Statistically Neutral Tasks without Expert Guidance.
Distance Metric Learning for Large Margin Nearest Neighbor Classification.
Analyzing Auditory Neurons by Learning Distance Functions.
A Self-Organizing Multiple-View Representations of 3D Objects.
Classification in Non-Metric Spaces.
Qualitative Structure From Motion.
Oblivious Equilibrium: A Mean Field Approximation for Large-Scale Dynamic Games.
Interpreting Images by Propagating Bayesian Beliefs.
Phase Transitions and the Perceptual Organization of Video Sequences.
Correctness of Belief Propagation in Gaussian Graphical Models of Arbitrary Topology.
Neural Network Visualization.
Extreme Components Analysis.
Learning Sparse Topographic Representations with Products of Student-t Distributions.
Exponential Family Harmoniums with an Application to Information Retrieval.
Linear Response for Approximate Inference.
Self Supervised Boosting.
Active Bidirectional Coupling in a Cochlear Chip.
Activity Driven Adaptive Stochastic Resonance.
Learning Curves for Stochastic Gradient Descent in Linear Feedforward Networks.
Learning Lateral Interactions for Feature Binding and Sensory Segmentation.
Adaptive Back-Propagation in On-Line Learning of Multilayer Networks.
The Learning Dynamcis of a Universal Approximator.
Kernel Dependency Estimation.
Semi-supervised Protein Classification Using Cluster Kernels.
Feature Selection for SVMs.
Improving the Performance of Radial Basis Function Networks by Learning Center Locations.
Locally Adaptive Nearest Neighbor Algorithms.
Basis Selection for Wavelet Regression.
Machine Learning Applied to Perception: Decision Images for Gender Classification.
Fractional Belief Propagation.
Neural mechanisms of contrast dependent receptive field size in V1.
On the Non-Existence of a Universal Learning Algorithm for Recurrent Neural Networks.
Operators and Curried Functions: Training and Analysis of Simple Recurrent Networks.
Direct Memory Access Using Two Cues.
Intersecting Regions: The Key to Combinatorial Structure in Hidden Unit Space.
Backpropagation and Its Application to Handwritten Signature Verification.
Hybrid NN/HMM-Based Speech Recognition with a Discriminant Neural Feature Extraction.
On a Connection between Kernel PCA and Metric Multidimensional Scaling.
Computing with Infinite Networks.
Modelling Seasonality and Trends in Daily Rainfall Data.
A MCMC Approach to Hierarchical Mixture Modelling.
DTs: Dynamic Trees.
Products of Gaussians.
The Variational Ising Classifier (VIC) Algorithm for Coherently Contaminated Data.
Factorial Switching Kalman Filters for Condition Monitoring in Neonatal Intensive Care.
Gaussian Processes for Regression.
Using a neural net to instantiate a deformable model.
Using the Nystrm Method to Speed Up Kernel Machines.
Experimental Results on Learning Stochastic Memoryless Policies for Partially Observable Markov Decision Processes.
Learning About Multiple Objects in Images: Factorial Learning without Factorial Search.
A Rotation and Translation Invariant Discrete Saliency Network.
epsilon-Entropy and the Complexity of Feedforward Neural Networks.
Splines, Rational Functions and Neural Networks.
Robot Docking Using Mixtures of Gaussians.
Computer Simulation of Oscillatory Behavior in Cerebral Cortical Networks.
GENESIS: A System for Simulating Neural Networks.
Graph Matching with Hierarchical Discrete Relaxation.
Learning in Networks of Nondeterministic Adaptive Logic Elements.
Generative Affine Localisation and Tracking.
An Adaptive Network That Learns Sequences of Transitions.
Computing with Finite and Infinite Networks.
Perspectives on Sparse Bayesian Learning.
L_0-norm Minimization for Basis Selection.
Comparing the Effects of Different Weight Distributions on Finding Sparse Representations.
Strategies for Teaching Layered Networks Classification Tasks.
Postal Address Block Location Using a Convolutional Locator Network.
Bayesian Estimation of Time-Frequency Coefficients for Audio Signal Enhancement.
Lipreading by Neural Networks: Visual Preprocessing, Learning, and Sensory Integration.
On the Use of Evidence in Neural Networks.
Bayesian Backpropagation Over I-O Functions Rather Than Weights.
Forward dynamic models in human motor control: Psychophysical evidence.
Using Collective Intelligence to Route Internet Traffic.
Microscopic Equations in Rough Energy Landscape for Neural Networks.
Fast Parameter Estimation Using Green's Functions.
Multi-agent Cooperation in Diverse Population Games.
Stagewise Processing in Error-correcting Codes and Image Restoration.
Message passing for task redistribution on sparse graphs.
Modeling Neural Population Spiking Activity with Gibbs Distributions.
Spike timing and the coding of naturalistic sounds in a central auditory area of songbirds.
A Neural Oscillator Model of Auditory Selective Attention.
Neural Decoding of Cursor Motion Using a Kalman Filter.
Probability Estimates for Multi-Class Classification by Pairwise Coupling.
Population Decoding Based on an Unfaithful Model.
Learning a Rare Event Detection Cascade by Direct Feature Selection.
Mean Field Approach to a Probabilistic Model in Information Retrieval.
Learning Cellular Automation Dynamics with Neural Networks.
A Method for the Design of Stable Lateral Inhibition Networks that is Robust in the Presence of Circuit Parasitics.
Node Splitting: A Constructive Algorithm for Feed-Forward Neural Networks.
Bounded Invariance and the Formation of Place Fields..
Generating velocity tuning by asymmetric recurrent connections.
Learning Winner-take-all Competition Between Groups of Neurons in Lateral Inhibitory Networks.
Spike-based Learning Rules and Stabilization of Persistent Neural Activity.
A Hierarchical Bayesian Markovian Model for Motifs in Biopolymer Sequences.
Distance Metric Learning with Application to Clustering with Side-Information.
The Storage Capacity of a Fully-Connected Committee Machine.
Efficient Kernel Discriminant Analysis via QR Decomposition.
An Alternative Model for Mixtures of Experts.
Maximum Margin Clustering.
Effective Training of a Neural Network Character Classifier for Word Recognition.
A Mixed-Signal VLSI for Real-Time Generation of Edge-Based Image Vectors.
The Boltzmann Perceptron Network: A Multi-Layered Feed-Forward Network Equivalent to the Boltzmann Machine.
Hybrid Reinforcement Learning and Its Application to Biped Robot Control.
Analog Soft-Pattern-Matching Classifier using Floating-Gate MOS Technology.
Solitaire: Man Versus Machine.
Face Recognition Using Kernel Methods.
Multiplicative Updating Rule for Blind Separation Derived from the Method of Scoring.
The Efficiency and the Robustness of Natural Gradient Descent Learning Rule.
Efficient Kernel Machines Using the Improved Fast Gauss Transform.
Search for Information Bearing Components in Speech.
Data Visualization and Feature Selection: New Algorithms for Nongaussian Data.
A SNoW-Based Face Detector.
Managing Uncertainty in Cue Combination.
Approximate Inference and Protein-Folding.
Finding the M Most Probable Configurations in Arbitrary Graphical Models.
Sequential Noise Compensation by Sequential Monte Carlo Method.
A Quantitative Model of Counterfactual Reasoning.
Plasticity of Center-Surround Opponent Receptive Fields in Real and Artificial Neural Systems of Vision.
Two-Dimensional Linear Discriminant Analysis.
Generalized Belief Propagation.
Salient Contour Extraction by Temporal Binding in a Cortically-based Network.
Generalized Regularized Least-Squares Learning with Predefined Features in a Hilbert Space.
The Effect of Correlations on the Fisher Information of Population Codes.
Extracting Dynamical Structure Embedded in Neural Activity.
Concurrent Object Recognition and Segmentation by Graph Partitioning.
Soft Clustering on Graphs.
Forecasting Demand for Electric Power.
The Rescorla-Wagner Algorithm and Maximum Likelihood Estimation of Causal Parameters.
The Convergence of Contrastive Divergences.
Augmented Rescorla-Wagner and Maximum Likelihood Estimation.
Convergence Rates of Algorithms for Visual Search: Detecting Visual Contours.
Human and Ideal Observers for Detecting Image Curves.
The Concave-Convex Procedure (CCCP).
Bayesian Self-Organization.
Nonlinear Pattern Separation in Single Hippocampal Neurons with Active Dendritic Membrane.
Reducing multiclass to binary by coupling probability estimates.
Unsupervised Learning in Neurodynamics Using the Phase Velocity Field Approach.
A Hybrid Neural Net System for State-of-the-Art Continuous Speech Recognition.
Time Series Prediction using Mixtures of Experts.
The Role of Top-down and Bottom-up Processes in Guiding Eye Movements during Visual Search.
Self-Tuning Spectral Clustering.
Distributional Population Codes and Multiple Motion Models.
Probabilistic Interpretation of Population Codes.
Discovering Viewpoint-Invariant Relationships That Characterize Objects.
Developing Population Codes by Minimizing Description Length.
Probabilistic Computation in Spiking Populations.
A Generative Model for Attractor Dynamics.
TRAFFIC: Recognizing Objects Using Hierarchical Reference Frame Transformations.
A Gradient-Based Boosting Algorithm for Regression Problems.
Grouping Components of Three-Dimensional Moving Objects in Area MST of Visual Cortex.
Directional-Unit Boltzmann Machines.
Divisive and Subtractive Mask Effects: Linking Psychophysics and Biophysics.
Spectral Relaxation for K-means Clustering.
Convergence of Large Margin Separable Linear Classification.
Regularized Winnow Methods.
Generalization Performance of Some Learning Problems in Hilbert Functional Spaces.
A General Greedy Approximation Algorithm with Applications.
Effective Dimension and Generalization of Kernel Learning.
An Infinity-sample Theory for Multi-category Large Margin Classification.
Learning Bounds for a Generalized Family of Bayesian Posterior Distributions.
Class-size Independent Generalization Analsysis of Some Discriminative Multi-Category Classification.
Some Theoretical Results Concerning the Convergence of Compositions of Regularized Linear Functions.
Analysis of Spectral Kernel Design based Semi-supervised Learning.
Semiparametric Approach to Multichannel Blind Deconvolution of Nonminimum Phase Systems
Blind Separation of Filtered Sources Using State-Space Approach.
High-Performance Job-Shop Scheduling With A Time-Delay TD-lambda Network.
EM-DD: An Improved Multiple-Instance Learning Technique.
Learning Influence among Interacting Markov Chains.
A Probabilistic Model for Online Document Clustering with Application to Novelty Detection.
Learning Multiple Related Tasks using Latent Independent Component Analysis.
A Model for Resolution Enhancement (Hyperacuity) in Sensory Representation.
An Efficient Implementation of the Back-propagation Algorithm on the Connection Machine CM-2.
Modeling Neuronal Interactivity using Dynamic Bayesian Networks.
A Computational Model of Eye Movements during Object Class Detection.
Separation of Music Signals by Harmonic Structure Modeling.
A Domain Decomposition Method for Fast Manifold Learning.
Some Approximation Properties of Projection Pursuit Learning Networks.
Segmental Neural Net Optimization for Continuous Speech Recognition.
A Switched Gaussian Process for Estimating Disparity and Segmentation in Binocular Stereo.
Statistical Debugging of Sampled Programs.
A High Performance k-NN Classifier Using a Binary Correlation Matrix Memory.
Learning with Local and Global Consistency.
Impact of an Energy Normalization Transform on the Performance of the LF-ASD Brain Computer Interface.
Semi-supervised Learning on Directed Graphs.
Ranking on Data Manifolds.
Kernel Logistic Regression and the Import Vector Machine.
Nonparametric Transforms of Graph Kernels for Semi-Supervised Learning.
1-norm Support Vector Machines.
A Hierarchical Compositional System for Rapid Object Detection.
Blind Source Separation via Multinode Sparse Representation.
The Observer-Observation Dilemma in Neuro-Forecasting.
Active Portfolio-Management based on Error Correction Neural Networks.
Cyclic Equilibria in Markov Games.
Subgrouping Reduces Complexity and Speeds Up Learning in Recurrent Networks.
Manifold Stochastic Dynamics for Bayesian Learning.
From Speech Recognition to Spoken Language Understanding.
How the Poverty of the Stimulus Solves the Poverty of the Stimulus.
On the Convergence of Eigenspaces in Kernel Principal Component Analysis.
Blind source separation for over-determined delayed mixtures.
Semi-supervised MarginBoost.
A Direct Formulation for Sparse PCA Using Semidefinite Programming.
Modularity in the motor system: decomposition of muscle patterns as combinations of time-varying synergies.
Kernel Maximum Entropy Data Transformation and an Enhanced Spectral Clustering Algorithm.
Kernel Projection Machine: a New Tool for Pattern Recognition.
Linearly-solvable Markov decision problems.
Hierarchical Mixtures of Experts Methodology Applied to Continuous Speech Recognition.
The Neurodynamics of Belief Propagation on Binary Markov Random Fields.
Analysis of Representations for Domain Adaptation.
The Robustness-Performance Tradeoff in Markov Decision Processes.
Selectivity and Metaplasticity in a Unified Calcium-Dependent Model.
Non-rigid point set registration: Coherent Point Drift.
Attribute-efficient learning of decision lists and linear threshold functions under unconcentrated distributions.
Learning Dense 3D Correspondence.
MLLE: Modified Locally Linear Embedding Using Multiple Weights.
An Approach to Bounded Rationality.
Real-time adaptive information-theoretic optimization of neurophysiology experiments.
Relational Learning with Gaussian Processes.
Fast Computation of Graph Kernels.
Fundamental Limitations of Spectral Clustering.
Manifold Denoising.
Context Effects in Category Learning: An Investigation of Four Probabilistic Models.
Map-Reduce for Machine Learning on Multicore.
Clustering appearance and shape by learning jigsaws.
Differential Entropic Clustering of Multivariate Gaussians.
Multi-Instance Multi-Label Learning with Application to Scene Classification.
Large-Scale Sparsified Manifold Regularization.
Learning Nonparametric Models for Probabilistic Imitation.
Distributed Inference in Dynamical Systems.
A Small World Threshold for Economic Network Formation.
Sample Complexity of Policy Search with Known Dynamics.
Data Integration for Classification Problems Employing Gaussian Process Priors.
Learning annotated hierarchies from relational data.
Conditional Random Sampling: A Sketch-based Sampling Technique for Sparse Data.
Mixture Regression for Covariate Shift.
Analysis of Empirical Bayesian Methods for Neuroelectromagnetic Source Localization.
Bayesian Model Scoring in Markov Random Fields.
PAC-Bayes Bounds for the Risk of the Majority Vote and the Variance of the Gibbs Classifier.
Cross-Validation Optimization for Large Scale Hierarchical Classification Kernel Methods.
Inferring Network Structure from Co-Occurrences.
Attentional Processing on a Spike-Based VLSI Neural Network.
Temporal dynamics of information content carried by neurons in the primary visual cortex.
Generalized Maximum Margin Clustering and Unsupervised Kernel Learning.
AdaBoost is Consistent.
A selective attention multi--chip system with dynamic synapses and spiking neurons.
Statistical Modeling of Images with Fields of Gaussian Scale Mixtures.
Logistic Regression for Single Trial EEG Classification.
A Collapsed Variational Bayesian Inference Algorithm for Latent Dirichlet Allocation.
Nonlinear physically-based models for decoding motor-cortical population activity.
Computation of Similarity Measures for Sequential Data using Generalized Suffix Trees.
Uncertainty, phase and oscillatory hippocampal recall.
Part-based Probabilistic Point Matching using Equivalence Constraints.
Near-Uniform Sampling of Combinatorial Spaces Using XOR Constraints.
Detecting Humans via Their Pose.
A recipe for optimizing a time-histogram.
Inducing Metric Violations in Human Similarity Judgements.
Unified Inference for Variational Bayesian Linear Gaussian State-Space Models.
A Complexity-Distortion Approach to Joint Pattern Alignment.
Convex Repeated Games and Fenchel Duality.
Online Clustering of Moving Hyperplanes.
Ordinal Regression by Extended Binary Classification.
Learning to Rank with Nonsmooth Cost Functions.
Neurophysiological Evidence of Cooperative Mechanisms for Stereo Computation.
TrueSkill: A Bayesian Skill Rating System.
Combining causal and similarity-based reasoning.
Towards a general independent subspace analysis.
A PAC-Bayes Risk Bound for General Loss Functions.
Approximate Correspondences in High Dimensions.
Unsupervised Learning of a Probabilistic Grammar for Object Detection and Parsing.
Learning Motion Style Synthesis from Perceptual Observations.
Stability of $K$-Means Clustering.
Adaptive Spatial Filters with predefined Region of Interest for EEG based Brain-Computer-Interfaces.
Simplifying Mixture Models through Function Approximation.
A Kernel Method for the Two-Sample-Problem.
Hyperparameter Learning for Graph Based Semi-supervised Learning Algorithms.
Mutagenetic tree Fisher kernel improves prediction of HIV drug resistance from viral genotype.
Fast Iterative Kernel PCA.
Prediction on a Graph with a Perceptron.
Boosting Structured Prediction for Imitation Learning.
Bayesian Policy Gradient Algorithms.
In-Network PCA and Anomaly Detection.
Robotic Grasping of Novel Objects.
Learning to Traverse Image Manifolds.
Learning with Hypergraphs: Clustering, Classification, and Embedding.
Correcting Sample Selection Bias by Unlabeled Data.
Hierarchical Dirichlet Processes with Random Effects.
Contraction Properties of VLSI Cooperative Competitive Neural Networks of Spiking Neurons.
Fast Discriminative Visual Codebooks using Randomized Clustering Forests.
Efficient sparse coding algorithms.
Theoretical Analysis of Heuristic Search Methods for Online POMDPs.
Adaptor Grammars: A Framework for Specifying Compositional Nonparametric Bayesian Models.
A Theory of Retinal Population Coding.
A Humanlike Predictor of Facial Attractiveness.
A Kernel Subspace Method by Stochastic Realization for Learning Nonlinear Dynamical Systems.
Information Bottleneck Optimization and Independent Component Extraction with Spiking Neurons.
Causal inference in sensorimotor integration.
Speakers optimize information density through syntactic reduction.
Game Theoretic Algorithms for Protein-DNA binding.
An Oracle Inequality for Clipped Regularized Risk Minimizers.
Predicting spike times from subthreshold dynamics of a neuron.
Bayesian Ensemble Learning.
Multiple Instance Learning for Computer Aided Diagnosis.
On the Relation Between Low Density Separation, Spectral Clustering and Graph Cuts.
Multi-Robot Negotiation: Approximating the Set of Subgame Perfect Equilibria in General-Sum Stochastic Games.
Large Scale Hidden Semi-Markov SVMs.
Large Margin Component Analysis.
Bayesian Detection of Infrequent Differences in Sets of Time Series with Shared Structure.
Balanced Graph Matching.
Multiple timescales and uncertainty in motor adaptation.
Theory and Dynamics of Perceptual Bistability.
Extending position/phase-shift tuning to motion energy neurons improves velocity discrimination.
Aggregating Classification Accuracy across Time: Application to Single Trial EEG.
Emergence of conjunctive visual features by quadratic independent component analysis.
Efficient Learning of Sparse Representations with an Energy-Based Model.
Effects of Stress and Genotype on Meta-parameter Dynamics in Reinforcement Learning.
Using Combinatorial Optimization within Max-Product Belief Propagation.
PG-means: learning the number of clusters in data.
iLSTD: Eligibility Traces and Convergence Analysis.
An EM Algorithm for Localizing Multiple Sound Sources in Reverberant Environments.
A Nonparametric Bayesian Method for Inferring Features From Similarity Judgments.
Information Bottleneck for Non Co-Occurrence Data.
Learning from Multiple Sources.
Discriminative K-means for Clustering.
Modelling transcriptional regulation using Gaussian Processes.
Learning to parse images of articulated bodies.
Convex Relaxations of Latent Variable Training.
Single Channel Speech Separation Using Factorial Dynamics.
Handling Advertisements of Unknown Quality in Search Advertising.
Predicting Brain States from fMRI Data: Incremental Functional Principal Component Regression.
An Information Theoretic Framework for Eukaryotic Gradient Sensing.
Efficient Structure Learning of Markov Networks using $L_1$-Regularization.
Learning to Model Spatial Dependency: Semi-Supervised Discriminative Random Fields.
Isotonic Conditional Random Fields and Local Sentiment Flow.
Modeling Dyadic Data with Binary Latent Factors.
Active Preference Learning with Discrete Choice Data.
Recursive Attribute Factoring.
Approximate inference using planar graph decomposition.
A Nonparametric Approach to Bottom-Up Visual Saliency.
A Scalable Machine Learning Approach to Go.
Doubly Stochastic Normalization for Spectral Clustering.
Learnability and the doubling dimension.
Randomized PCA Algorithms with Regret Bounds that are Logarithmic in the Dimension.
Particle Filtering for Nonparametric Bayesian Matrix Factorization.
Iterative Non-linear Dimensionality Reduction with Manifold Sculpting.
Kernels on Structured Objects Through Nested Histograms.
Implicit Surfaces with Globally Regularised and Compactly Supported Basis Functions.
Optimistic Linear Programming gives Logarithmic Regret for Irreducible MDPs.
Scalable Discriminative Learning for Natural Language Parsing and Translation.
Markov Chain Monte Carlo with People.
Support Vector Machines on a Budget.
Sparse Representation for Signal Classification.
Large Margin Hidden Markov Models for Automatic Speech Recognition.
Recursive ICA.
A Probabilistic Algorithm Integrating Source Localization and Noise Suppression of MEG and EEG data.
Estimating disparity with confidence from energy neurons.
Adaptive Online Gradient Descent.
On Transductive Regression.
New Outer Bounds on the Marginal Polytope.
An Efficient Method for Gradient-Based Adaptation of Hyperparameters in SVM Models.
A Bayesian Approach to Diffusion Models of Decision-Making and Response Time.
A Spectral Regularization Framework for Multi-Task Structure Learning.
Graph-Based Visual Saliency.
Multi-Task Learning via Conic Programming.
No-regret Algorithms for Online Convex Programs.
Comparative Gene Prediction using Conditional Random Fields.
Learning to be Bayesian without Supervision.
Computational Equivalence of Fixed Points and No Regret Algorithms, and Convergence to Equilibria.
Large Margin Multi-channel Analog-to-Digital Conversion with Applications to Neural Prosthesis.
Hidden Markov Dirichlet Process: Modeling Genetic Recombination in Open Ancestral Space.
Geometric entropy minimization (GEM) for anomaly detection and localization.
Gaussian and Wishart Hyperkernels.
Blind Motion Deblurring Using Image Statistics.
Gaussian Process Models for Link Analysis and Transfer Learning.
Reducing Calibration Time For Brain-Computer Interfaces: A Clustering Approach.
Accelerated Variational Dirichlet Process Mixtures.
Graph Laplacian Regularization for Large-Scale Semidefinite Programming.
Stochastic Relational Models for Discriminative Link Prediction.
Agreement-Based Learning.
Learning Time-Intensity Profiles of Human Activity using Non-Parametric Bayesian Models.
Temporal Coding using the Response Properties of Spiking Neurons.
Optimal Change-Detection and Spiking Neurons.
Nonnegative Sparse PCA.
On higher-order perceptron algorithms.
High-Dimensional Graphical Model Selection Using $\ell_1$-Regularized Logistic Regression.
Efficient Convex Relaxation for Transductive Support Vector Machine.
Multi-dynamic Bayesian Networks.
Stratification Learning: Detecting Mixed Density and Dimensionality in High Dimensional Point Clouds.
Analysis of Contour Motions.
Learning Structural Equation Models for fMRI.
Modeling Human Motion Using Binary Latent Variables.
Testing for Homogeneity with Kernel Fisher Discriminant Analysis.
Optimal Single-Class Classification Strategies.
Natural Actor-Critic for Road Traffic Optimisation.
On Sparsity and Overcompleteness in Image Models.
Bayesian Image Super-resolution, Continued.
Chained Boosting.
Unconstrained On-line Handwriting Recognition with Recurrent Neural Networks.
Shifting, One-Inclusion Mistake Bounds and Tight Multiclass Expected Risk Bounds.
Collapsed Variational Inference for HDP.
Image Retrieval and Classification Using Local Distance Functions.
Training Conditional Random Fields for Maximum Labelwise Accuracy.
A Bayesian Model of Conditioned Perception.
An Application of Reinforcement Learning to Aerobatic Helicopter Flight.
Tighter PAC-Bayes Bounds.
Online Classification for Complex Problems Using Simultaneous Projections.
Learning on Graph with Laplacian Regularization.
Sparse Kernel Orthonormalized PLS for feature extraction in large data sets.
Multi-Task Feature Learning.
Logarithmic Online Regret Bounds for Undiscounted Reinforcement Learning.
Efficient Methods for Privacy Preserving Face Detection.
Active learning for misspecified generalized linear models.
Subordinate class recognition using relational object models.
A Novel Gaussian Sum Smoother for Approximate Inference in Switching Linear Dynamical Systems.
Temporal and Cross-Subject Probabilistic Models for fMRI Prediction Tasks.
Convergence of Laplacian Eigenmaps.
Greedy Layer-Wise Training of Deep Networks.
Dirichlet-Enhanced Spam Filtering based on Biased Samples.
Similarity by Composition.
Denoising and Dimension Reduction in Feature Space.
Conditional mean field.
Sparse Multinomial Logistic Regression via Bayesian L1 Regularisation.
Branch and Bound for Semi-Supervised Support Vector Machines.
Automated Hierarchy Discovery for Planning in Partially Observable Environments.
Max-margin classification of incomplete data.
Modeling General and Specific Aspects of Documents with a Probabilistic Topic Model.
implicit Online Learning with Kernels.
Context dependent amplification of both rate and event-correlation in a VLSI network of spiking neurons.
Clustering Under Prior Knowledge with Application to Image Segmentation.
Inferring Neural Firing Rates from Spike Trains Using Gaussian Processes.
Unsupervised Feature Selection for Accurate Recommendation of High-Dimensional Image Data.
A Probabilistic Approach to Language Change.
Simulated Annealing: Rigorous finite-time guarantees for optimization on continuous domains.
A configurable analog VLSI neural network with spiking neurons and self-regulating plastic synapses .
Invariant Common Spatial Patterns: Alleviating Nonstationarities in Brain-Computer Interfacing.
Modeling image patches with a directed hierarchy of Markov random fields.
The Generalized FITC Approximation.
Experience-Guided Search: A Theory of Attentional Control.
Congruence between model and human attention reveals unique signatures of critical visual events.
A Unified Near-Optimal Estimator For Dimension Reduction in l(0 < alpha <= 2) Using Stable Random Projections.
Compressed Regression.
Direct Importance Estimation with Model Selection and Its Application to Covariate Shift Adaptation.
People Tracking with the Laplacian Eigenmaps Latent Variable Model.
Modeling homophily and stochastic equivalence in symmetric relational data.
Stable Dual Dynamic Programming.
Learning and using relational theories.
Predicting human gaze using low-level saliency combined with face detection.
Learning Visual Attributes.
Kernel Measures of Conditional Dependence.
Optimal models of sound localization by barn owls.
Multi-task Gaussian Process Prediction.
Catching Up Faster in Bayesian Model Selection and Model Averaging.
FilterBoost: Regression and Classification on Large Datasets.
Modeling Natural Sounds with Modulation Cascade Processes.
Efficient Principled Learning of Thin Junction Trees.
A general agnostic active learning algorithm.
Cooled and Relaxed Survey Propagation for MRFs.
Configuration Estimates Improve Pedestrian Finding.
Temporal Difference Updating without a Learning Rate.
Parallelizing Support Vector Machines on Distributed Computers.
Boosting Algorithms for Maximizing the Soft Margin.
Semi-Supervised Multitask Learning.
Blind channel identification for speech dereverberation using l1-norm sparse learning.
Privacy-Preserving Belief Propagation and Sampling.
Anytime Induction of Cost-sensitive Trees.
Hierarchical Apprenticeship Learning with Application to Quadruped Locomotion.
Scene Segmentation with CRFs Learned from Partially Labeled Images.
Automatic Generation of Social Tags for Music Recommendation.
Second Order Bilinear Discriminant Analysis for single trial EEG analysis.
Efficient Inference for Distributions on Permutations.
Near-Maximum Entropy Models for Binary Neural Representations of Natural Images.
Learning with Transformation Invariant Kernels.
Stability Bounds for Non-i.i.d. Processes.
Locality and low-dimensions in the prediction of natural experience from fMRI.
Sequential Hypothesis Testing under Stochastic Deadlines.
Online Linear Regression and Its Application to Model-Based Reinforcement Learning.
Object Recognition by Scene Alignment.
Colored Maximum Variance Unfolding.
Linear programming analysis of loopy belief propagation for weighted matching.
Discriminative Log-Linear Grammars with Latent Variables.
Bayes-Adaptive POMDPs.
Evaluating Search Engines by Modeling the Relationship Between Relevance and Clicks.
The Noisy-Logical Distribution and its Application to Causal Inference.
Learning Bounds for Domain Adaptation.
GRIFT: A graphical model for inferring visual classification features from human data.
The Price of Bandit Information for Online Optimization.
Message Passing for Max-weight Independent Set.
Topmoumoute Online Natural Gradient Algorithm.
A learning framework for nearest neighbor search.
Distributed Inference for Latent Dirichlet Allocation.
Regulator Discovery from Gene Expression Time Series of Malaria Parasites: a Hierachical Approach.
TrueSkill Through Time: Revisiting the History of Chess.
Regret Minimization in Games with Incomplete Information.
Variational inference for Markov jump processes.
A neural network implementing optimal state estimation based on dynamic spike train decoding.
Receptive Fields without Spike-Triggering.
Rapid Inference on a Novel AND/OR graph for Object Detection, Segmentation and Parsing.
Efficient Bayesian Inference for Dynamically Changing Graphs.
COFI RANK - Maximum Margin Matrix Factorization for Collaborative Ranking .
Regularized Boost for Semi-Supervised Learning.
Exponential Family Predictive Representations of State.
Structured Learning with Approximate Inference.
Learning the structure of manifolds using random projections.
Sparse Overcomplete Latent Variable Decomposition of Counts Data.
Efficient multiple hyperparameter learning for log-linear models.
Bundle Methods for Machine Learning.
Support Vector Machine Classification with Indefinite Kernels.
The Infinite Gamma-Poisson Feature Model.
The Infinite Markov Model.
Density Estimation under Independent Similarly Distributed Sampling Assumptions.
Supervised Topic Models.
A Game-Theoretic Approach to Apprenticeship Learning.
Variational Inference for Diffusion Processes.
A probabilistic model for generating realistic lip movements from speech.
DIFFRAC: a discriminative and flexible framework for clustering.
An Analysis of Convex Relaxations for MAP Estimation.
Classification via Minimum Incremental Coding Length (MICL).
Hidden Common Cause Relations in Relational Learning.
Neural characterization in partially observed populations of spiking neurons.
EEG-Based Brain-Computer Interaction: Improved Accuracy by Automatic Single-Trial Error Detection.
Incremental Natural Actor-Critic Algorithms.
Catching Change-points with Lasso.
How SVMs can estimate quantiles and the median.
Discriminative Batch Mode Active Learning.
Modelling motion primitives and their timing in biologically executed movements.
What makes some POMDP problems easy to approximate?
Inferring Elapsed Time from Stochastic Neural Processes.
Mining Internet-Scale Software Repositories.
Subspace-Based Face Recognition in Analog VLSI.
A Bayesian Framework for Cross-Situational Word-Learning.
Nearest-Neighbor-Based Active Learning for Rare Category Detection.
A Randomized Algorithm for Large Scale Support Vector Learning.
Non-parametric Modeling of Partially Ranked Data.
Feature Selection Methods for Improving Protein Structure Prediction with Rosetta.
Spatial Latent Dirichlet Allocation.
Theoretical Analysis of Learning with Reward-Modulated Spike-Timing-Dependent Plasticity.
The Distribution Family of Similarity Distances.
Random Features for Large-Scale Kernel Machines.
Learning the 2-D Topology of Images.
SpAM: Sparse Additive Models.
Multiple-Instance Pruning For Learning Efficient Cascade Detectors.
Statistical Analysis of Semi-Supervised Regression.
Random Sampling of States in Dynamic Programming.
The Tradeoffs of Large Scale Learning.
The rat as particle filter.
Progressive mixture rules are deviation suboptimal.
Adaptive Embedded Subgraph Algorithms using Walk-Sum Analysis.
The Value of Labeled and Unlabeled Examples when the Model is Imperfect.
On Ranking in Survival Analysis: Bounds on the Concordance Index.
A New View of Automatic Relevance Determination.
Kernels on Attributed Pointsets with Applications.
Managing Power Consumption and Performance of Computing Systems Using Reinforcement Learning.
Robust Regression with Twinned Gaussian Processes.
Expectation Maximization and Posterior Constraints.
Learning Monotonic Transformations for Classification.
Better than least squares: comparison of objective functions for estimating linear-nonlinear models.
Bayesian binning beats approximate alternatives: estimating peri-stimulus time histograms.
Collective Inference on Markov Models for Modeling Bird Migration.
Estimating divergence functionals and the likelihood ratio by penalized convex risk minimization.
Reinforcement Learning in Continuous Action Spaces through Sequential Monte Carlo Methods.
An Analysis of Inference with the Universum.
A Kernel Statistical Test of Independence.
Using Deep Belief Nets to Learn Covariance Kernels for Gaussian Processes.
Predictive Matrix-Variate t Models.
Infinite State Bayes-Nets for Structured Domains.
Hippocampal Contributions to Control: The Third Way.
Bayesian Policy Learning with Trans-Dimensional MCMC.
Retrieved context and the discovery of semantic structure.
Fitted Q-iteration in continuous action-space MDPs.
Local Algorithms for Approximate Inference in Minor-Excluded Graphs.
Combined discriminative and generative articulated pose and non-rigid shape estimation.
Consistent Minimization of Clustering Objective Functions.
A Bayesian LDA-based model for semi-supervised part-of-speech tagging.
Comparing Bayesian models for multisensory cue combination without mandatory integration.
Discovering Weakly-Interacting Factors in a Complex Stochastic Process.
Selecting Observations against Adversarial Objectives.
Random Projections for Manifold Learning.
One-Pass Boosting.
Optimal ROC Curve for a Combination of Classifiers.
An in-silico Neural Model of Dynamic Routing through Neuronal Coherence.
HM-BiTAM: Bilingual Topic Exploration, Word Alignment, and Translation.
Bayesian Agglomerative Clustering with Coalescents.
Sparse deep belief net model for visual area V2.
Hierarchical Penalization.
A Constraint Generation Approach to Learning Stable Linear Dynamical Systems.
The Epoch-Greedy Algorithm for Multi-armed Bandits with Side Information.
Learning to classify complex patterns using a VLSI network of spiking neurons.
Probabilistic Matrix Factorization.
Discriminative Keyword Selection Using Support Vector Machines.
Simplified Rules and Theoretical Analysis for Information Bottleneck Optimization and PCA with Spiking Neurons.
Loop Series and Bethe Variational Bounds in Attractive Graphical Models.
An online Hebbian learning rule that performs Independent Component Analysis.
Convex Learning with Invariances.
Bayesian Co-Training.
Fixing Max-Product: Convergent Message Passing Algorithms for MAP LP-Relaxations.
Competition Adds Complexity.
Ensemble Clustering using Semidefinite Programming.
Multiple-Instance Active Learning.
Computing Robust Counter-Strategies.
Transfer Learning using Kolmogorov Complexity: Basic Theory and Empirical Evaluations.
Learning Horizontal Connections in a Sparse Coding Model of Natural Images.
Fast Variational Inference for Large-scale Internet Diagnosis.
CPR for CSPs: A Probabilistic Relaxation of Constraint Propagation.
Fast and Scalable Training of Semi-Supervised CRFs with Application to Activity Recognition.
Receding Horizon Differential Dynamic Programming.
Ultrafast Monte Carlo for Statistical Summations.
Sparse Feature Learning for Deep Belief Networks.
Heterogeneous Component Analysis.
A Risk Minimization Principle for a Class of Parzen Estimators.
Bayesian Inference for Spiking Neuron Models with a Sparsity Prior.
A General Boosting Method and its Application to Learning Ranking Functions for Web Search.
Cluster Stability for Finite Samples.
Augmented Functional Time Series Representation and Forecasting with Gaussian Processes.
McRank: Learning to Rank Using Multiple Classification and Gradient Boosting.
Continuous Time Particle Filtering for fMRI.
Learning with Tree-Averaged Densities and Distributions.
The discriminant center-surround hypothesis for bottom-up saliency.
Boosting the Area under the ROC Curve.
Convex Clustering with Exemplar-Based Models.
Measuring Neural Synchrony by Message Passing.
Scan Strategies for Meteorological Radars.
The Conjoint Effect of Divisive Normalization and Orientation Selectivity on Redundancy Reduction.
Learning the Semantic Correlation: An Alternative Way to Gain from Unlabeled Text.
Efficient Sampling for Gaussian Process Inference using Control Variables.
Modeling human function learning with Gaussian processes.
Understanding Brain Connectivity Patterns during Motor Imagery for Brain-Computer Interfacing.
Regularized Learning with Networks of Features.
Semi-supervised Learning with Weakly-Related Unlabeled Data: Towards Better Text Categorization.
Spectral Clustering with Perturbed Data.
Interpreting the neural code with Formal Concept Analysis.
Fitted Q-iteration by Advantage Weighted Regression.
Sparse Convolved Gaussian Processes for Multi-output Regression.
Unlabeled data: Now it helps, now it doesn't.
On the Complexity of Linear Prediction: Risk Bounds, Margin Bounds, and Regularization.
An Online Algorithm for Maximizing Submodular Functions.
ICA based on a Smooth Estimation of the Differential Entropy.
Bayesian Exponential Family PCA.
Fast Rates for Regularized Objectives.
Covariance Estimation for High Dimensional Data Vectors Using the Sparse Matrix Transform.
Characteristic Kernels on Groups and Semigroups.
Dimensionality Reduction for Data in Multiple Feature Representations.
Learning Hybrid Models for Image Annotation with Partially Labeled Data.
Syntactic Topic Models.
Hierarchical Semi-Markov Conditional Random Fields for Recursive Sequential Data.
Sparse Online Learning via Truncated Gradient.
Estimation of Information Theoretic Measures for Continuous Random Variables.
QUIC-SVD: Fast SVD Using Cosine Trees.
Cell Assemblies in Large Sparse Inhibitory Networks of Biologically Realistic Spiking Neurons.
On the Generalization Ability of Online Strongly Convex Programming Algorithms.
Sparse Signal Recovery Using Markov Random Fields.
Estimating Robust Query Models with Convex Optimization.
High-dimensional support union recovery in multivariate regression.
Translated Learning: Transfer Learning across Different Feature Spaces.
Using matrices to model symbolic relationship.
Asynchronous Distributed Learning of Topic Models.
Multi-stage Convex Relaxation for Learning with Sparse Regularization.
Bayesian Synchronous Grammar Induction.
On the asymptotic equivalence between differential Hebbian and temporal difference learning using a local third factor.
Inferring rankings under constrained sensing.
Robust Kernel Principal Component Analysis.
Logistic Normal Priors for Unsupervised Probabilistic Grammar Induction.
Nonlinear causal discovery with additive noise models.
Modeling Short-term Noise Dependence of Spike Counts in Macaque Prefrontal Cortex.
Kernel-ARMA for Hand Tracking and Brain-Machine interfacing During 3D Motor Control.
Playing Pinball with non-invasive BCI.
Fast Prediction on a Tree.
Integrating Locally Learned Causal Structures with Overlapping Variables.
Fast Computation of Posterior Mode in Multi-Level Hierarchical Models.
Beyond Novelty Detection: Incongruent Events, when General and Specific Classifiers Disagree.
The Infinite Hierarchical Factor Regression Model.
Rademacher Complexity Bounds for Non-I.I.D. Processes.
Algorithms for Infinitely Many-Armed Bandits.
Optimization on a Budget: A Reinforcement Learning Approach.
Dependent Dirichlet Process Spike Sorting.
Analyzing human feature learning as nonparametric Bayesian inference.
The Infinite Factorial Hidden Markov Model.
Deep Learning with Kernel Regularization for Visual Recognition.
Estimating vector fields using sparse basis field expansions.
Counting Solution Clusters in Graph Coloring Problems Using Belief Propagation.
An ideal observer model of infant object perception.
Diffeomorphic Dimensionality Reduction.
Hebbian Learning of Bayes Optimal Decisions.
Shape-Based Object Localization for Descriptive Classification.
Weighted Sums of Random Kitchen Sinks: Replacing minimization with randomization in learning.
Tighter Bounds for Structured Estimation.
Online Prediction on Large Diameter Graphs.
Supervised Exponential Family Principal Component Analysis via Convex Optimization.
Adapting to a Market Shock: Optimal Sequential Market-Making.
Regularized Policy Iteration.
Finding Latent Causes in Causal Networks: an Efficient Approach Based on Markov Blankets.
Phase transitions for high-dimensional joint support recovery.
Biasing Approximate Dynamic Programming with a Lower Discount Factor.
Adaptive Forward-Backward Greedy Algorithm for Sparse Learning with Linear Models.
Variational Mixture of Gaussian Process Experts.
Bio-inspired Real Time Sensory Map Realignment in a Robotic Barn Owl.
Predictive Indexing for Fast Search.
Partially Observed Maximum Entropy Discrimination Markov Networks.
Unsupervised Learning of Visual Sense Models for Polysemous Words.
Effects of Stimulus Type and of Error-Correcting Code Design on BCI Speller Performance.
Short-Term Depression in VLSI Stochastic Synapse.
On the Efficient Minimization of Classification Calibrated Surrogates.
Hierarchical Fisher Kernels for Longitudinal Data.
Extracting State Transition Dynamics from Multiple Spike Trains with Correlated Poisson HMM.
Learning with Consistency between Inductive Functions and Kernels.
Cascaded Classification Models: Combining Models for Holistic Scene Understanding.
Bayesian Kernel Shaping for Learning Control.
Mind the Duality Gap: Logarithmic regret algorithms for online optimization.
Tracking Changing Stimuli in Continuous Attractor Neural Networks.
Clustered Multi-Task Learning: A Convex Formulation.
Overlaying classifiers: a practical approach for optimal ranking.
On the Design of Loss Functions for Classification: theory, robustness to outliers, and SavageBoost.
Clustering via LP-based Stabilities.
Non-parametric Regression Between Manifolds.
Evaluating probabilities under high-dimensional latent variable models.
Performance analysis for L_2 kernel classification.
Multi-resolution Exploration in Continuous Spaces.
Multi-label Multiple Kernel Learning.
Learning a discriminative hidden part model for human action recognition.
On the Reliability of Clustering Stability in the Large Sample Regime.
Bayesian Model of Behaviour in Economic Games.
Generative versus discriminative training of RBMs for classification of fMRI images.
Learning Bounded Treewidth Bayesian Networks.
Dynamic visual attention: searching for coding length increments.
PSDBoost: Matrix-Generation Linear Programming for Positive Semidefinite Matrices Learning.
Characterizing neural dependencies with copula models.
A computational model of hippocampal function in trace conditioning.
Temporal Dynamics of Cognitive Control.
Exact Convex Confidence-Weighted Learning.
On Computational Power and the Order-Chaos Phase Transition in Reservoir Computing.
Sparse probabilistic projections.
Look Ma, No Hands: Analyzing the Monotonic Feature Abstraction for Text Classification.
Policy Search for Motor Primitives in Robotics.
Learning Taxonomies by Dependence Maximization.
Risk Bounds for Randomized Sample Compressed Classifiers.
One sketch for all: Theory and Application of Conditional Random Sampling.
Relative Performance Guarantees for Approximate Inference in Latent Dirichlet Allocation.
MCBoost: Multiple Classifier Boosting for Perceptual Co-clustering of Images and Visual Features.
An Efficient Sequential Monte Carlo Algorithm for Coalescent Clustering.
Temporal Difference Based Actor Critic Learning - Convergence and Neural Implementation.
Model selection and velocity estimation using novel priors for motion patterns.
Dependence of Orientation Tuning on Recurrent Excitation and Inhibition in a Network Model of V1.
Relative Margin Machines.
Artificial Olfactory Brain for Mixture Identification.
Spectral Hashing.
Model Selection in Gaussian Graphical Models: High-Dimensional Consistency of l-regularized MLE.
Supervised Bipartite Graph Inference.
Multi-task Gaussian Process Learning of Robot Inverse Dynamics.
Online Metric Learning and Fast Similarity Search.
Resolution Limits of Sparse Coding in High Dimensions.
Support Vector Machines with a Reject Option.
Robust Near-Isometric Matching via Structured Learning of Graphical Models.
Shared Segmentation of Natural Scenes Using Dependent Pitman-Yor Processes.
Skill Characterization Based on Betweenness.
Sequential effects: Superstition or rational behavior?
Non-stationary dynamic Bayesian networks.
Gaussian-process factor analysis for low-dimensional single-trial analysis of neural population activity.
DiscLDA: Discriminative Learning for Dimensionality Reduction and Classification.
Modeling the effects of memory on human online sentence processing with particle filters.
Efficient Inference in Phylogenetic InDel Trees.
Extended Grassmann Kernels for Subspace-Based Learning.
Kernelized Sorting.
Near-optimal Regret Bounds for Reinforcement Learning.
Multi-Agent Filtering with Infinitely Nested Beliefs.
Grouping Contours Via a Related Image.
Privacy-preserving logistic regression.
Signal-to-Noise Ratio Analysis of Policy Gradient Algorithms.
Regularized Co-Clustering with Dual Supervision.
Gates.
Online Models for Content Optimization.
Load and Attentional Bayes.
Implicit Mixtures of Restricted Boltzmann Machines.
Exploring Large Feature Spaces with Hierarchical Multiple Kernel Learning.
Continuously-adaptive discretization for message-passing algorithms.
Spike Feature Extraction Using Informative Samples.
Correlated Bigram LSA for Unsupervised Language Model Adaptation.
Localized Sliced Inverse Regression.
Measures of Clustering Quality: A Working Set of Axioms for Clustering.
Robust Regression and Lasso.
Learning Transformational Invariants from Natural Movies.
A spatially varying two-sample recombinant coalescent, with applications to HIV escape response.
Using Bayesian Dynamical Systems for Motion Template Libraries.
Structure Learning in Human Sequential Decision-Making.
Large Margin Taxonomy Embedding for Document Categorization.
Sparsity of SVMs that use the epsilon-insensitive loss.
Clusters and Coarse Partitions in LP Relaxations.
Learning to Use Working Memory in Partially Observable Environments through Dopaminergic Reinforcement.
Nonparametric regression and classification with joint sparsity constraints.
Empirical performance maximization for linear rank statistics.
Adaptive Template Matching with Shift-Invariant Semi-NMF.
An Homotopy Algorithm for the Lasso with Online Observations.
Structured ranking learning using cumulative distribution networks.
Nonparametric Bayesian Learning of Switching Linear Dynamical Systems.
A mixture model for the evolution of gene expression in non-homogeneous datasets.
A Convex Upper Bound on the Log-Partition Function for Binary Distributions.
Kernel Measures of Independence for non-iid Data.
Bounding Performance Loss in Approximate MDP Homomorphisms.
Bayesian Network Score Approximation using a Metagraph Kernel.
Bayesian Experimental Design of Magnetic Resonance Imaging Sequences.
Near-minimax recursive density estimation on the binary hypercube.
Influence of graph construction on graph-based clustering measures.
Supervised Dictionary Learning.
An Extended Level Method for Efficient Multiple Kernel Learning.
Stochastic Relational Models for Large-scale Dyadic Data using MCMC.
Global Ranking Using Continuous Conditional Random Fields.
Deflation Methods for Sparse PCA.
Self-organization using synaptic plasticity.
Convergence and Rate of Convergence of a Manifold-Based Dimension Reduction Algorithm.
A general framework for investigating how far the decoding process in the brain can be simplified.
Theory of matching pursuit.
Differentiable Sparse Coding.
The Mondrian Process.
Improving on Expectation Propagation.
An Empirical Analysis of Domain Adaptation Algorithms for Genomic Sequence Analysis.
A rational model of preference learning and choice prediction by children.
Particle Filter-based Policy Gradient in POMDPs.
Psychiatry: Insights into depression through normative decision-making models.
Reducing statistical dependencies in natural signals using radial Gaussianization.
Transfer Learning by Distribution Matching for Targeted Advertising.
Bounds on marginal probability distributions.
Simple Local Models for Complex Dynamical Systems.
An improved estimator of Variance Explained in the presence of noise.
Adaptive Martingale Boosting.
Designing neurophysiology experiments to optimally constrain receptive field models along parametric submanifolds.
Characterizing response behavior in multisensory perception with conflicting cues.
Probabilistic detection of short events, with application to critical care monitoring.
Fast High-dimensional Kernel Summations Using the Monte Carlo Multipole Method.
Kernel Change-point Analysis.
The Recurrent Temporal Restricted Boltzmann Machine.
Efficient Direct Density Ratio Estimation for Non-stationarity Adaptation and Outlier Detection.
Scalable Algorithms for String Kernels with Inexact Matching.
Breaking Audio CAPTCHAs.
Local Gaussian Process Regression for Real Time Online Model Learning.
Mortal Multi-Armed Bandits.
The Gaussian Process Density Sampler.
Online Optimization in X-Armed Bandits.
An interior-point stochastic approximation method and an L1-regularized delta rule.
Stress, noradrenaline, and realistic prediction of mouse behaviour using reinforcement learning.
Multi-Level Active Prediction of Useful Image Annotations for Recognition.
Generative and Discriminative Learning with Unknown Labeling Bias.
Mixed Membership Stochastic Blockmodels.
A Scalable Hierarchical Distributed Language Model.
Reconciling Real Scores with Binary Comparisons: A New Logistic Based Model for Ranking.
From Online to Batch Learning with Cutoff-Averaging.
Accelerating Bayesian Inference over Nonlinear Differential Equations with Gaussian Processes.
MAS: a multiplicative approximation scheme for probabilistic inference.
Recursive Segmentation and Recognition Templates for 2D Parsing.
Human Active Learning.
MDPs with Non-Deterministic Policies.
Goal-directed decision making in prefrontal cortex: a computational framework.
Estimating the Location and Orientation of Complex, Correlated Neural Activity using MEG.
Improved Moves for Truncated Convex Models.
Unifying the Sensory and Motor Components of Sensorimotor Adaptation.
Posterior Consistency of the Silverman g-prior in Bayesian Model Choice.
Domain Adaptation with Multiple Sources.
How memory biases affect information transmission: A rational analysis of serial reproduction.
Linear Classification and Selective Sampling Under Low Noise Conditions.
Optimal Response Initiation: Why Recent Experience Matters.
Cyclizing Clusters via Zeta Function of a Graph.
Efficient Exact Inference in Planar Ising Models.
Nonparametric sparse hierarchical models describe V1 fMRI responses to natural images.
A Transductive Bound for the Voted Classifier with an Application to Semi-supervised Learning.
Offline Handwriting Recognition with Multidimensional Recurrent Neural Networks.
A Convergent O(n) Temporal-difference Algorithm for Off-policy Learning with Linear Function Approximation.
Natural Image Denoising with Convolutional Networks.
Multiscale Random Fields with Application to Contour Grouping.
Automatic online tuning for fast Gaussian summation.
Predicting the Geometry of Metal Binding Sites from Protein Sequence.
On Bootstrapping the ROC Curve.
A Massively Parallel Digital Learning Processor.
Nonrigid Structure from Motion in Trajectory Space.
A "Shape Aware" Model for semi-supervised Learning of Objects and its Context.
Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 17 [Neural Information Processing Systems, NIPS 2004, December 13-18, 2004, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada]
Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 3, [NIPS Conference, Denver, Colorado, USA, November 26-29, 1990]
Neural Information Processing Systems, Denver, Colorado, USA, 1987
Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 14 [Neural Information Processing Systems: Natural and Synthetic, NIPS 2001, December 3-8, 2001, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada]
Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 1, [NIPS Conference, Denver, Colorado, USA, 1988]
Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 21, Proceedings of the Twenty-Second Annual Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, December 8-11, 2008
Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 8, NIPS, Denver, CO, November 27-30, 1995
Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 10, [NIPS Conference, Denver, Colorado, USA, 1997]
Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 11, [NIPS Conference, Denver, Colorado, USA, November 30 - December 5, 1998]
Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 4, [NIPS Conference, Denver, Colorado, USA, December 2-5, 1991]
Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 16 [Neural Information Processing Systems, NIPS 2003, December 8-13, 2003, Vancouver and Whistler, British Columbia, Canada]
Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 9, NIPS, Denver, CO, USA, December 2-5, 1996
Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 19, Proceedings of the Twentieth Annual Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, December 4-7, 2006
Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 5, [NIPS Conference, Denver, Colorado, USA, November 30 - December 3, 1992]
Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 20, Proceedings of the Twenty-First Annual Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, December 3-6, 2007
Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 18 [Neural Information Processing Systems, NIPS 2005, December 5-8, 2005, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada]
Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 6, [7th NIPS Conference, Denver, Colorado, USA, 1993]
Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 15 [Neural Information Processing Systems, NIPS 2002, December 9-14, 2002, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada]
Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 12, [NIPS Conference, Denver, Colorado, USA, November 29 - December 4, 1999]
Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 7, [NIPS Conference, Denver, Colorado, USA, 1994]
Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 2, [NIPS Conference, Denver, Colorado, USA, November 27-30, 1989]
Learning Bregman Distance Functions and Its Application for Semi-Supervised Clustering.
A Bayesian Model for Simultaneous Image Clustering, Annotation and Object Segmentation.
Neurometric function analysis of population codes.
Solving Stochastic Games.
Reverse Multi-Label Learning.
Sphere Embedding: An Application to Part-of-Speech Induction.
Multi-Stage Dantzig Selector.
Robust PCA via Outlier Pursuit.
Generating more realistic images using gated MRF's.
Filtering Abstract Senses From Image Search Results.
Monte Carlo Sampling for Regret Minimization in Extensive Games.
Improving the Asymptotic Performance of Markov Chain Monte-Carlo by Inserting Vortices.
Sparse Inverse Covariance Selection via Alternating Linearization Methods.
Unsupervised Kernel Dimension Reduction.
Sodium entry efficiency during action potentials: A novel single-parameter family of Hodgkin-Huxley models.
A Bayesian Approach to Concept Drift.
Matrix Completion from Noisy Entries.
Boosting with Spatial Regularization.
Learning to Rank by Optimizing NDCG Measure.
Ranking Measures and Loss Functions in Learning to Rank.
Inference and communication in the game of Password.
Robust Clustering as Ensembles of Affinity Relations.
Policy gradients in linearly-solvable MDPs.
Nonlinear directed acyclic structure learning with weakly additive noise models.
Empirical Risk Minimization with Approximations of Probabilistic Grammars.
Distributed Dual Averaging In Networks.
A biologically plausible network for the computation of orientation dominance.
An analysis on negative curvature induced by singularity in multi-layer neural-network learning.
Streaming k-means approximation.
An Approximate Inference Approach to Temporal Optimization in Optimal Control.
Learning via Gaussian Herding.
A General Projection Property for Distribution Families.
Individualized ROI Optimization via Maximization of Group-wise Consistency of Structural and Functional Profiles.
Lifted Inference Seen from the Other Side : The Tractable Features.
Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 23: 24th Annual Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems 2010. Proceedings of a meeting held 6-9 December 2010, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
Inferring Stimulus Selectivity from the Spatial Structure of Neural Network Dynamics.
Humans Learn Using Manifolds, Reluctantly.
Free energy score space.
Learning to localise sounds with spiking neural networks.
Learning to Explore and Exploit in POMDPs.
Epitome driven 3-D Diffusion Tensor image segmentation: on extracting specific structures.
Bootstrapping from Game Tree Search.
Online Classification with Specificity Constraints.
A joint maximum-entropy model for binary neural population patterns and continuous signals.
Large-Scale Matrix Factorization with Missing Data under Additional Constraints.
Measuring Invariances in Deep Networks.
A Novel Kernel for Learning a Neuron Model from Spike Train Data.
Nonparametric Bayesian Models for Unsupervised Event Coreference Resolution.
Transduction with Matrix Completion: Three Birds with One Stone.
Synergies in learning words and their referents.
Optimal Bayesian Recommendation Sets and Myopically Optimal Choice Query Sets.
Bilinear classifiers for visual recognition.
Why are some word orders more common than others? A uniform information density account.
Online Learning for Latent Dirichlet Allocation.
$L_1$-Penalized Robust Estimation for a Class of Inverse Problems Arising in Multiview Geometry.
Segmentation as Maximum-Weight Independent Set.
Convergent Temporal-Difference Learning with Arbitrary Smooth Function Approximation.
Beyond Categories: The Visual Memex Model for Reasoning About Object Relationships.
Asymptotic Analysis of MAP Estimation via the Replica Method and Compressed Sensing.
Directed Regression.
Identifying Dendritic Processing.
Large Margin Learning of Upstream Scene Understanding Models.
A Sparse Non-Parametric Approach for Single Channel Separation of Known Sounds.
Variational Inference over Combinatorial Spaces.
Worst-Case Linear Discriminant Analysis.
MAP Estimation for Graphical Models by Likelihood Maximization.
Improving Existing Fault Recovery Policies.
Optimizing Multi-Class Spatio-Spectral Filters via Bayes Error Estimation for EEG Classification.
Sparse Instrumental Variables (SPIV) for Genome-Wide Studies.
Towards Holistic Scene Understanding: Feedback Enabled Cascaded Classification Models.
Worst-case bounds on the quality of max-product fixed-points.
Convex Multiple-Instance Learning by Estimating Likelihood Ratio.
Simultaneous Object Detection and Ranking with Weak Supervision.
A Game-Theoretic Approach to Hypergraph Clustering.
Efficient Learning using Forward-Backward Splitting.
Variational Inference for the Nested Chinese Restaurant Process.
Universal Kernels on Non-Standard Input Spaces.
Conditional Neural Fields.
Throttling Poisson Processes.
Auto-Regressive HMM Inference with Incomplete Data for Short-Horizon Wind Forecasting.
Probabilistic Multi-Task Feature Selection.
A Dirty Model for Multi-task Learning.
Optimal Web-Scale Tiering as a Flow Problem.
Abstraction and Relational learning.
Local Rules for Global MAP: When Do They Work ?
Multi-Label Prediction via Sparse Infinite CCA.
Layered image motion with explicit occlusions, temporal consistency, and depth ordering.
Learning a Small Mixture of Trees.
Robust Principal Component Analysis: Exact Recovery of Corrupted Low-Rank Matrices via Convex Optimization.
Efficient Moments-based Permutation Tests.
A Discriminative Latent Model of Image Region and Object Tag Correspondence.
Nonparametric Density Estimation for Stochastic Optimization with an Observable State Variable.
Smoothness, Low Noise and Fast Rates.
Sparse and Locally Constant Gaussian Graphical Models.
Region-based Segmentation and Object Detection.
Kernel Choice and Classifiability for RKHS Embeddings of Probability Distributions.
Active Learning Applied to Patient-Adaptive Heartbeat Classification.
Learning from Neighboring Strokes: Combining Appearance and Context for Multi-Domain Sketch Recognition.
Guaranteed Rank Minimization via Singular Value Projection.
Learning from Multiple Partially Observed Views - an Application to Multilingual Text Categorization.
Interval Estimation for Reinforcement-Learning Algorithms in Continuous-State Domains.
Linearly constrained Bayesian matrix factorization for blind source separation.
Learning Brain Connectivity of Alzheimer's Disease from Neuroimaging Data.
The Ordered Residual Kernel for Robust Motion Subspace Clustering.
A Bayesian Analysis of Dynamics in Free Recall.
Who's Doing What: Joint Modeling of Names and Verbs for Simultaneous Face and Pose Annotation.
Infinite Relational Modeling of Functional Connectivity in Resting State fMRI.
On Stochastic and Worst-case Models for Investing.
Structured output regression for detection with partial truncation.
Probabilistic Deterministic Infinite Automata.
Inter-domain Gaussian Processes for Sparse Inference using Inducing Features.
A unified model of short-range and long-range motion perception.
Statistical Models of Linear and Nonlinear Contextual Interactions in Early Visual Processing.
Reward Design via Online Gradient Ascent.
Strategy Grafting in Extensive Games.
AUC optimization and the two-sample problem.
Learning models of object structure.
Fast subtree kernels on graphs.
Practical Large-Scale Optimization for Max-norm Regularization.
Approximate inference in continuous time Gaussian-Jump processes.
Distribution-Calibrated Hierarchical Classification.
Localizing Bugs in Program Executions with Graphical Models.
Time-rescaling methods for the estimation and assessment of non-Poisson neural encoding models.
Categories and Functional Units: An Infinite Hierarchical Model for Brain Activations.
Slow, Decorrelated Features for Pretraining Complex Cell-like Networks.
A unified framework for high-dimensional analysis of $M$-estimators with decomposable regularizers.
Switched Latent Force Models for Movement Segmentation.
Gaussian process regression with Student-t likelihood.
Reading Tea Leaves: How Humans Interpret Topic Models.
Adaptive Regularization for Transductive Support Vector Machine.
Statistical Consistency of Top-k Ranking.
Functional network reorganization in motor cortex can be explained by reward-modulated Hebbian learning.
Heavy-Tailed Process Priors for Selective Shrinkage.
Differential Use of Implicit Negative Evidence in Generative and Discriminative Language Learning.
Hierarchical Modeling of Local Image Features through $L_p$-Nested Symmetric Distributions.
Multi-View Active Learning in the Non-Realizable Case.
Two-Layer Generalization Analysis for Ranking Using Rademacher Average.
Movement extraction by detecting dynamics switches and repetitions.
The Neural Costs of Optimal Control.
More data means less inference: A pseudo-max approach to structured learning.
Group Sparse Coding with a Laplacian Scale Mixture Prior.
Getting lost in space: Large sample analysis of the resistance distance.
Kernels and learning curves for Gaussian process regression on random graphs.
Multiple Incremental Decremental Learning of Support Vector Machines.
Boosting Classifier Cascades.
Optimal context separation of spiking haptic signals by second-order somatosensory neurons.
Network Flow Algorithms for Structured Sparsity.
Efficient and Robust Feature Selection via Joint 2, 1-Norms Minimization.
Deterministic Single-Pass Algorithm for LDA.
Efficient algorithms for learning kernels from multiple similarity matrices with general convex loss functions.
Spike timing-dependent plasticity as dynamic filter.
Estimating Spatial Layout of Rooms using Volumetric Reasoning about Objects and Surfaces.
Universal Consistency of Multi-Class Support Vector Classification.
SpikeAnts, a spiking neuron network modelling the emergence of organization in a complex system.
Learning in Markov Random Fields using Tempered Transitions.
New Adaptive Algorithms for Online Classification.
Locality-sensitive binary codes from shift-invariant kernels.
Size Matters: Metric Visual Search Constraints from Monocular Metadata.
Learning Networks of Stochastic Differential Equations.
Fast Large-scale Mixture Modeling with Component-specific Data Partitions.
Short-term memory in neuronal networks through dynamical compressed sensing.
A Log-Domain Implementation of the Diffusion Network in Very Large Scale Integration.
Explaining human multiple object tracking as resource-constrained approximate inference in a dynamic probabilistic model.
Large Margin Multi-Task Metric Learning.
Structural inference affects depth perception in the context of potential occlusion.
Efficient Minimization of Decomposable Submodular Functions.
Learning Bounds for Importance Weighting.
Phoneme Recognition with Large Hierarchical Reservoirs.
Graph-based Consensus Maximization among Multiple Supervised and Unsupervised Models.
Graph-Valued Regression.
Fast Graph Laplacian Regularized Kernel Learning via Semidefinite-Quadratic-Linear Programming.
Implicit Differentiation by Perturbation.
An Online Algorithm for Large Scale Image Similarity Learning.
Evaluation of Rarity of Fingerprints in Forensics.
Using body-anchored priors for identifying actions in single images.
Convex Relaxation of Mixture Regression with Efficient Algorithms.
Learning from Logged Implicit Exploration Data.
Probabilistic Relational PCA.
Robust Value Function Approximation Using Bilinear Programming.
Batch Bayesian Optimization via Simulation Matching.
Hierarchical Mixture of Classification Experts Uncovers Interactions between Brain Regions.
Effects of Synaptic Weight Diffusion on Learning in Decision Making Networks.
Linear Complementarity for Regularized Policy Evaluation and Improvement.
Sample Complexity of Testing the Manifold Hypothesis.
Posterior vs Parameter Sparsity in Latent Variable Models.
Non-Parametric Bayesian Dictionary Learning for Sparse Image Representations.
Improving Human Judgments by Decontaminating Sequential Dependencies.
Sufficient Conditions for Agnostic Active Learnable.
Canonical Time Warping for Alignment of Human Behavior.
Causal discovery in multiple models from different experiments.
Global seismic monitoring as probabilistic inference.
Penalized Principal Component Regression on Graphs for Analysis of Subnetworks.
Structural epitome: a way to summarize one's visual experience.
Nonparametric Latent Feature Models for Link Prediction.
Random Projections for $k$-means Clustering.
Dynamic Infinite Relational Model for Time-varying Relational Data Analysis.
Learning transport operators for image manifolds.
A Gaussian Tree Approximation for Integer Least-Squares.
Space-Variant Single-Image Blind Deconvolution for Removing Camera Shake.
Rethinking LDA: Why Priors Matter.
On the Algorithmics and Applications of a Mixed-norm based Kernel Learning Formulation.
Distributionally Robust Markov Decision Processes.
No evidence for active sparsification in the visual cortex.
Unsupervised Detection of Regions of Interest Using Iterative Link Analysis.
Non-stationary continuous dynamic Bayesian networks.
Static Analysis of Binary Executables Using Structural SVMs.
Bayesian Nonparametric Models on Decomposable Graphs.
Functional Geometry Alignment and Localization of Brain Areas.
Active Estimation of F-Measures.
Minimum Average Cost Clustering.
Active Learning by Querying Informative and Representative Examples.
Discriminative Network Models of Schizophrenia.
Supervised Clustering.
Moreau-Yosida Regularization for Grouped Tree Structure Learning.
Inductive Regularized Learning of Kernel Functions.
A Primal-Dual Message-Passing Algorithm for Approximated Large Scale Structured Prediction.
Indian Buffet Processes with Power-law Behavior.
Online Learning: Random Averages, Combinatorial Parameters, and Learnability.
Generative Local Metric Learning for Nearest Neighbor Classification.
Adaptive Regularization of Weight Vectors.
A Generalized Natural Actor-Critic Algorithm.
Natural Policy Gradient Methods with Parameter-based Exploration for Control Tasks.
Fast global convergence rates of gradient methods for high-dimensional statistical recovery.
Speeding up Magnetic Resonance Image Acquisition by Bayesian Multi-Slice Adaptive Compressed Sensing.
Zero-shot Learning with Semantic Output Codes.
Lower Bounds on Rate of Convergence of Cutting Plane Methods.
Potential-Based Agnostic Boosting.
Tree-Structured Stick Breaking for Hierarchical Data.
Know Thy Neighbour: A Normative Theory of Synaptic Depression.
A Rate Distortion Approach for Semi-Supervised Conditional Random Fields.
Constructing Topological Maps using Markov Random Fields and Loop-Closure Detection.
Modelling Relational Data using Bayesian Clustered Tensor Factorization.
Regularized estimation of image statistics by Score Matching.
Streaming Pointwise Mutual Information.
Decoupling Sparsity and Smoothness in the Discrete Hierarchical Dirichlet Process.
Object Bank: A High-Level Image Representation for Scene Classification & Semantic Feature Sparsification.
The Wisdom of Crowds in the Recollection of Order Information.
Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 22: 23rd Annual Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems 2009. Proceedings of a meeting held 7-10 December 2009, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
Agnostic Active Learning Without Constraints.
Periodic Step Size Adaptation for Single Pass On-line Learning.
Sparse Coding for Learning Interpretable Spatio-Temporal Primitives.
Predicting Execution Time of Computer Programs Using Sparse Polynomial Regression.
Measuring model complexity with the prior predictive.
Link Discovery using Graph Feature Tracking.
Attractor Dynamics with Synaptic Depression.
Functional form of motion priors in human motion perception.
Repeated Games against Budgeted Adversaries.
Copula Bayesian Networks.
b-Bit Minwise Hashing for Estimating Three-Way Similarities.
Distribution Matching for Transduction.
Probabilistic latent variable models for distinguishing between cause and effect.
Heavy-Tailed Symmetric Stochastic Neighbor Embedding.
A rational decision making framework for inhibitory control.
Structured Determinantal Point Processes.
Whose Vote Should Count More: Optimal Integration of Labels from Labelers of Unknown Expertise.
Sparse Estimation Using General Likelihoods and Non-Factorial Priors.
Probabilistic Inference and Differential Privacy.
Bayesian Belief Polarization.
Unsupervised feature learning for audio classification using convolutional deep belief networks.
Graph Zeta Function in the Bethe Free Energy and Loopy Belief Propagation.
Pose-Sensitive Embedding by Nonlinear NCA Regression.
Bootstrapping Apprenticeship Learning.
Accounting for network effects in neuronal responses using L1 regularized point process models.
Training Factor Graphs with Reinforcement Learning for Efficient MAP Inference.
Extended Bayesian Information Criteria for Gaussian Graphical Models.
Learning Convolutional Feature Hierarchies for Visual Recognition.
Gaussian Process Preference Elicitation.
Estimating image bases for visual image reconstruction from human brain activity.
Learning To Count Objects in Images.
Joint Cascade Optimization Using A Product Of Boosted Classifiers.
Rates of convergence for the cluster tree.
Tiled convolutional neural networks.
Speaker Comparison with Inner Product Discriminant Functions.
Polynomial Semantic Indexing.
A Computational Decision Theory for Interactive Assistants.
Nonparametric Greedy Algorithms for the Sparse Learning Problem.
Sensitivity analysis in HMMs with application to likelihood maximization.
CUR from a Sparse Optimization Viewpoint.
The 'tree-dependent components' of natural scenes are edge filters.
Kernel Methods for Deep Learning.
Self-Paced Learning for Latent Variable Models.
Bayesian estimation of orientation preference maps.
Time-Varying Dynamic Bayesian Networks.
Submodularity Cuts and Applications.
Grouped Orthogonal Matching Pursuit for Variable Selection and Prediction.
Fast Learning from Non-i.i.d. Observations.
Latent Variable Models for Predicting File Dependencies in Large-Scale Software Development.
Ensemble Nystrom Method.
Entropic Graph Regularization in Non-Parametric Semi-Supervised Classification.
Relaxed Clipping: A Global Training Method for Robust Regression and Classification.
Implicit encoding of prior probabilities in optimal neural populations.
Compressed Least-Squares Regression.
Reconstruction of Sparse Circuits Using Multi-neuronal Excitation (RESCUME).
Nash Equilibria of Static Prediction Games.
Help or Hinder: Bayesian Models of Social Goal Inference.
Trading off Mistakes and Don't-Know Predictions.
Spectral Regularization for Support Estimation.
Learning sparse dynamic linear systems using stable spline kernels and exponential hyperpriors.
Monte-Carlo Planning in Large POMDPs.
Nonparametric Bayesian Policy Priors for Reinforcement Learning.
A POMDP Extension with Belief-dependent Rewards.
Modeling the spacing effect in sequential category learning.
Learning with Compressible Priors.
Unsupervised Feature Selection for the $k$-means Clustering Problem.
Accelerating Bayesian Structural Inference for Non-Decomposable Gaussian Graphical Models.
Beyond Convexity: Online Submodular Minimization.
Predictive State Temporal Difference Learning.
Efficient Large-Scale Distributed Training of Conditional Maximum Entropy Models.
Over-complete representations on recurrent neural networks can support persistent percepts.
Occlusive Components Analysis.
Quantification and the language of thought.
Co-regularization Based Semi-supervised Domain Adaptation.
Scrambled Objects for Least-Squares Regression.
Fast, smooth and adaptive regression in metric spaces.
An Additive Latent Feature Model for Transparent Object Recognition.
Sequential effects reflect parallel learning of multiple environmental regularities.
Accelerated Gradient Methods for Stochastic Optimization and Online Learning.
Decoding Ipsilateral Finger Movements from ECoG Signals in Humans.
Exploring Functional Connectivities of the Human Brain using Multivariate Information Analysis.
LSTD with Random Projections.
Breaking Boundaries Between Induction Time and Diagnosis Time Active Information Acquisition.
(RF)^2 - Random Forest Random Field.
3D Object Recognition with Deep Belief Nets.
Efficient and Accurate Lp-Norm Multiple Kernel Learning.
Efficient Match Kernel between Sets of Features for Visual Recognition.
Spatial and anatomical regularization of SVM for brain image analysis.
Collaborative Filtering in a Non-Uniform World: Learning with the Weighted Trace Norm.
White Functionals for Anomaly Detection in Dynamical Systems.
The Maximal Causes of Natural Scenes are Edge Filters.
Discrete MDL Predicts in Total Variation.
DUOL: A Double Updating Approach for Online Learning.
Compositionality of optimal control laws.
Towards Property-Based Classification of Clustering Paradigms.
Subgraph Detection Using Eigenvector L1 Norms.
Lattice Regression.
Riffled Independence for Ranked Data.
Efficient Optimization for Discriminative Latent Class Models.
A Primal-Dual Algorithm for Group Sparse Regularization with Overlapping Groups.
Semi-supervised Regression using Hessian energy with an application to semi-supervised dimensionality reduction.
Nonlinear Learning using Local Coordinate Coding.
Evidence-Specific Structures for Rich Tractable CRFs.
Multi-Step Dyna Planning for Policy Evaluation and Control.
Kernel Descriptors for Visual Recognition.
Probabilistic Belief Revision with Structural Constraints.
Correlation Coefficients are Insufficient for Analyzing Spike Count Dependencies.
Bayesian Sparse Factor Models and DAGs Inference and Comparison.
Anomaly Detection with Score functions based on Nearest Neighbor Graphs.
Complexity of Decentralized Control: Special Cases.
On Learning Rotations.
Implicitly Constrained Gaussian Process Regression for Monocular Non-Rigid Pose Estimation.
Clustering sequence sets for motif discovery.
Adaptive Design Optimization in Experiments with People.
Computing Marginal Distributions over Continuous Markov Networks for Statistical Relational Learning.
Variational Gaussian-process factor analysis for modeling spatio-temporal data.
Bayesian Action-Graph Games.
A Neural Implementation of the Kalman Filter.
Approximate Inference by Compilation to Arithmetic Circuits.
Cross Species Expression Analysis using a Dirichlet Process Mixture Model with Latent Matchings.
Matrix Completion from Power-Law Distributed Samples.
Tight Sample Complexity of Large-Margin Learning.
Efficient Bregman Range Search.
Sidestepping Intractable Inference with Structured Ensemble Cascades.
Multiparty Differential Privacy via Aggregation of Locally Trained Classifiers.
A novel family of non-parametric cumulative based divergences for point processes.
Fast detection of multiple change-points shared by many signals using group LARS.
Basis Construction from Power Series Expansions of Value Functions.
A Data-Driven Approach to Modeling Choice.
A Stochastic approximation method for inference in probabilistic graphical models.
Random Conic Pursuit for Semidefinite Programming.
Positive Semidefinite Metric Learning with Boosting.
Sharing Features among Dynamical Systems with Beta Processes.
Hierarchical Learning of Dimensional Biases in Human Categorization.
Fast Image Deconvolution using Hyper-Laplacian Priors.
Human Rademacher Complexity.
Modeling Social Annotation Data with Content Relevance using a Topic Model.
Estimation of Renyi Entropy and Mutual Information Based on Generalized Nearest-Neighbor Graphs.
From PAC-Bayes Bounds to KL Regularization.
A Fast, Consistent Kernel Two-Sample Test.
An LP View of the M-best MAP problem.
Brain covariance selection: better individual functional connectivity models using population prior.
Thresholding Procedures for High Dimensional Variable Selection and Statistical Estimation.
A Family of Penalty Functions for Structured Sparsity.
Switching state space model for simultaneously estimating state transitions and nonstationary firing rates.
Replicated Softmax: an Undirected Topic Model.
MAP estimation in Binary MRFs via Bipartite Multi-cuts.
Sparsistent Learning of Varying-coefficient Models with Structural Changes.
On Invariance in Hierarchical Models.
Hallucinations in Charles Bonnet Syndrome Induced by Homeostasis: a Deep Boltzmann Machine Model.
Learning from Candidate Labeling Sets.
On the Convexity of Latent Social Network Inference.
Exponential Family Graph Matching and Ranking.
A Reduction from Apprenticeship Learning to Classification.
Generalization Errors and Learning Curves for Regression with Multi-task Gaussian Processes.
Regularized Distance Metric Learning: Theory and Algorithm.
An Alternative to Low-level-Sychrony-Based Methods for Speech Detection.
On Herding and the Perceptron Cycling Theorem.
Optimal Scoring for Unsupervised Learning.
Noisy Generalized Binary Search.
Decomposing Isotonic Regression for Efficiently Solving Large Problems.
Multiple Kernel Learning and the SMO Algorithm.
Learning Non-Linear Combinations of Kernels.
Spatial Normalized Gamma Processes.
Bayesian Source Localization with the Multivariate Laplace Prior.
Gaussian sampling by local perturbations.
Maximum likelihood trajectories for continuous-time Markov chains.
On the Theory of Learnining with Privileged Information.
Label Embedding Trees for Large Multi-Class Tasks.
Linear readout from a neural population with partial correlation data.
Random Projection Trees Revisited.
Occlusion Detection and Motion Estimation with Convex Optimization.
Inter-time segment information sharing for non-homogeneous dynamic Bayesian networks.
Variable margin losses for classifier design.
Parametric Bandits: The Generalized Linear Case.
Multi-Label Prediction via Compressed Sensing.
Orthogonal Matching Pursuit From Noisy Random Measurements: A New Analysis.
Beyond Actions: Discriminative Models for Contextual Group Activities.
Tracking Dynamic Sources of Malicious Activity at Internet Scale.
A Smoothed Approximate Linear Program.
Evaluating multi-class learning strategies in a generative hierarchical framework for object detection.
An Integer Projected Fixed Point Method for Graph Matching and MAP Inference.
Divisive Normalization: Justification and Effectiveness as Efficient Coding Transform.
Nonparametric Bayesian Texture Learning and Synthesis.
Fractionally Predictive Spiking Neurons.
Extending Phase Mechanism to Differential Motion Opponency for Motion Pop-out.
Multitask Learning without Label Correspondences.
Sufficient Conditions for Generating Group Level Sparsity in a Robust Minimax Framework.
Skill Discovery in Continuous Reinforcement Learning Domains using Skill Chaining.
Noise Characterization, Modeling, and Reduction for In Vivo Neural Recording.
Information-theoretic lower bounds on the oracle complexity of convex optimization.
Construction of Dependent Dirichlet Processes based on Poisson Processes.
Extensions of Generalized Binary Search to Group Identification and Exponential Costs.
The LASSO risk: asymptotic results and real world examples.
Efficient Relational Learning with Hidden Variable Detection.
Sparse Metric Learning via Smooth Optimization.
Variational bounds for mixed-data factor analysis.
Adapting to the Shifting Intent of Search Queries.
Heterogeneous multitask learning with joint sparsity constraints.
Identifying graph-structured activation patterns in networks.
Learning Kernels with Radiuses of Minimum Enclosing Balls.
A Theory of Multiclass Boosting.
An Infinite Factor Model Hierarchy Via a Noisy-Or Mechanism.
A Parameter-free Hedging Algorithm.
Augmenting Feature-driven fMRI Analyses: Semi-supervised learning and resting state activity.
Toward Provably Correct Feature Selection in Arbitrary Domains.
Replacing supervised classification learning by Slow Feature Analysis in spiking neural networks.
Permutation Complexity Bound on Out-Sample Error.
Online Markov Decision Processes under Bandit Feedback.
Rescaling, thinning or complementing? On goodness-of-fit procedures for point process models and Generalized Linear Models.
Double Q-learning.
Exact inference and learning for cumulative distribution functions on loopy graphs.
Near-Optimal Bayesian Active Learning with Noisy Observations.
Particle-based Variational Inference for Continuous Systems.
Online Learning of Assignments.
Discriminative Clustering by Regularized Information Maximization.
PAC-Bayesian Model Selection for Reinforcement Learning.
Parallel Inference for Latent Dirichlet Allocation on Graphics Processing Units.
A New Probabilistic Model for Rank Aggregation.
Maximin affinity learning of image segmentation.
Slice sampling covariance hyperparameters of latent Gaussian models.
Online Learning in The Manifold of Low-Rank Matrices.
Constructing Skill Trees for Reinforcement Learning Agents from Demonstration Trajectories.
Statistical Analysis of Semi-Supervised Learning: The Limit of Infinite Unlabelled Data.
Global Analytic Solution for Variational Bayesian Matrix Factorization.
Label Selection on Graphs.
Manifold Embeddings for Model-Based Reinforcement Learning under Partial Observability.
A Bayesian Framework for Figure-Ground Interpretation.
Multivariate Dyadic Regression Trees for Sparse Learning Problems.
Factor Modeling for Advertisement Targeting.
Efficient Recovery of Jointly Sparse Vectors.
Dirichlet-Bernoulli Alignment: A Generative Model for Multi-Class Multi-Label Multi-Instance Corpora.
Predictive Subspace Learning for Multi-view Data: a Large Margin Approach.
Predicting the Optimal Spacing of Study: A Multiscale Context Model of Memory.
Structured sparsity-inducing norms through submodular functions.
Word Features for Latent Dirichlet Allocation.
Individuation, Identification and Object Discovery.
Joint Analysis of Time-Evolving Binary Matrices and Associated Documents.
Improvements to the Sequence Memoizer.
Exact learning curves for Gaussian process regression on large random graphs.
Linear-time Algorithms for Pairwise Statistical Problems.
Semi-Supervised Learning with Adversarially Missing Label Information.
Active Instance Sampling via Matrix Partition.
Direct Loss Minimization for Structured Prediction.
Learning concept graphs from text with stick-breaking priors.
Learning Efficient Markov Networks.
Feature Set Embedding for Incomplete Data.
Asymptotically Optimal Regularization in Smooth Parametric Models.
Manifold Regularization for SIR with Rate Root-n Convergence.
Mixture of time-warped trajectory models for movement decoding.
Identifying Patients at Risk of Major Adverse Cardiovascular Events Using Symbolic Mismatch.
Approximating MAP by Compensating for Structural Relaxations.
The Infinite Partially Observable Markov Decision Process.
STDP enables spiking neurons to detect hidden causes of their inputs.
Block Variable Selection in Multivariate Regression and High-dimensional Causal Inference.
Group Sparse Coding.
Multi-label Multiple Kernel Learning by Stochastic Approximation: Application to Visual Object Recognition.
On a Connection between Importance Sampling and the Likelihood Ratio Policy Gradient.
Data-driven calibration of linear estimators with minimal penalties.
Parallelized Stochastic Gradient Descent.
t-logistic regression.
Slow Learners are Fast.
Copula Processes.
Exploiting weakly-labeled Web images to improve object classification: a domain adaptation approach.
Gated Softmax Classification.
Dual Averaging Method for Regularized Stochastic Learning and Online Optimization.
Non-Stochastic Bandit Slate Problems.
Robust Nonparametric Regression with Metric-Space Valued Output.
Semi-supervised Learning using Sparse Eigenfunction Bases.
Perceptual Multistability as Markov Chain Monte Carlo Inference.
Feature Construction for Inverse Reinforcement Learning.
Learning invariant features using the Transformed Indian Buffet Process.
Neural Implementation of Hierarchical Bayesian Inference by Importance Sampling.
Randomized Pruning: Efficiently Calculating Expectations in Large Dynamic Programs.
Hashing Hyperplane Queries to Near Points with Applications to Large-Scale Active Learning.
Learning to combine foveal glimpses with a third-order Boltzmann machine.
An Inverse Power Method for Nonlinear Eigenproblems with Applications in 1-Spectral Clustering and Sparse PCA.
A Biologically Plausible Model for Rapid Natural Scene Identification.
Submanifold density estimation.
Deep Coding Network.
Optimal learning rates for Kernel Conjugate Gradient regression.
Phone Recognition with the Mean-Covariance Restricted Boltzmann Machine.
Generalized roof duality and bisubmodular functions.
Semi-Supervised Learning in Gigantic Image Collections.
Shadow Dirichlet for Restricted Probability Modeling.
Avoiding False Positive in Multi-Instance Learning.
Inference with Multivariate Heavy-Tails in Linear Models.
A VLSI Implementation of the Adaptive Exponential Integrate-and-Fire Neuron Model.
fMRI-Based Inter-Subject Cortical Alignment Using Functional Connectivity.
Energy Disaggregation via Discriminative Sparse Coding.
Factorized Latent Spaces with Structured Sparsity.
Learning Multiple Tasks using Manifold Regularization.
Rank-Approximate Nearest Neighbor Search: Retaining Meaning and Speed in High Dimensions.
Learning to Hash with Binary Reconstructive Embeddings.
Construction of Nonparametric Bayesian Models from Parametric Bayes Equations.
Learning Multiple Tasks with a Sparse Matrix-Normal Penalty.
FACTORIE: Probabilistic Programming via Imperatively Defined Factor Graphs.
Learning Label Embeddings for Nearest-Neighbor Multi-class Classification with an Application to Speech Recognition.
Conditional Random Fields with High-Order Features for Sequence Labeling.
Empirical Bernstein Inequalities for U-Statistics.
Deciphering subsampled data: adaptive compressive sampling as a principle of brain communication.
Adaptive Multi-Task Lasso: with Application to eQTL Detection.
Learning the context of a category.
The Multidimensional Wisdom of Crowds.
Analysis of SVM with Indefinite Kernels.
Segmenting Scenes by Matching Image Composites.
Feature Transitions with Saccadic Search: Size, Color, and Orientation Are Not Alike.
Stability Approach to Regularization Selection (StARS) for High Dimensional Graphical Models.
Which graphical models are difficult to learn?
Code-specific policy gradient rules for spiking neurons.
Large Scale Nonparametric Bayesian Inference: Data Parallelisation in the Indian Buffet Process.
Error Propagation for Approximate Policy and Value Iteration.
On the Convergence of the Concave-Convex Procedure.
Layer-wise analysis of deep networks with Gaussian kernels.
Evaluating neuronal codes for inference using Fisher information.
Lower bounds on minimax rates for nonparametric regression with additive sparsity and smoothness.
Subject independent EEG-based BCI decoding.
Random Walk Approach to Regret Minimization.
Learning Anchor Planes for Classification.
Infinite Latent SVM for Classification and Multi-task Learning.
Shaping Level Sets with Submodular Functions.
Inferring Interaction Networks using the IBP applied to microRNA Target Prediction.
A Convergence Analysis of Log-Linear Training.
Complexity of Inference in Latent Dirichlet Allocation.
Learning person-object interactions for action recognition in still images.
See the Tree Through the Lines: The Shazoo Algorithm.
Contextual Gaussian Process Bandit Optimization.
Spectral Methods for Learning Multivariate Latent Tree Structure.
Approximating Semidefinite Programs in Sublinear Time.
Transfer from Multiple MDPs.
Transfer Learning by Borrowing Examples for Multiclass Object Detection.
t-divergence Based Approximate Inference.
An Unsupervised Decontamination Procedure For Improving The Reliability Of Human Judgments.
Efficient Learning of Generalized Linear and Single Index Models with Isotonic Regression.
Active Learning Ranking from Pairwise Preferences with Almost Optimal Query Complexity.
Optimal learning rates for least squares SVMs using Gaussian kernels.
Similarity-based Learning via Data Driven Embeddings.
Unsupervised learning models of primary cortical receptive fields and receptive field plasticity.
Efficient Online Learning via Randomized Rounding.
Learning Higher-Order Graph Structure with Features by Structure Penalty.
Quasi-Newton Methods for Markov Chain Monte Carlo.
A Two-Stage Weighting Framework for Multi-Source Domain Adaptation.
Minimax Localization of Structural Information in Large Noisy Matrices.
Linearized Alternating Direction Method with Adaptive Penalty for Low-Rank Representation.
Efficient inference in matrix-variate Gaussian models with \iid observation noise.
On the Analysis of Multi-Channel Neural Spike Data.
Structured Learning for Cell Tracking.
RTRMC: A Riemannian trust-region method for low-rank matrix completion.
Variance Reduction in Monte-Carlo Tree Search.
Beating SGD: Learning SVMs in Sublinear Time.
On the Universality of Online Mirror Descent.
Scalable Training of Mixture Models via Coresets.
Prismatic Algorithm for Discrete D.C. Programming Problem.
Nearest Neighbor based Greedy Coordinate Descent.
Directed Graph Embedding: an Algorithm based on Continuous Limits of Laplacian-type Operators.
Committing Bandits.
A blind sparse deconvolution method for neural spike identification.
Algorithms for Hyper-Parameter Optimization.
How Do Humans Teach: On Curriculum Learning and Teaching Dimension.
Select and Sample - A Model of Efficient Neural Inference and Learning.
Empirical models of spiking in neural populations.
Regularized Laplacian Estimation and Fast Eigenvector Approximation.
The Doubly Correlated Nonparametric Topic Model.
Crowdclustering.
Active Learning with a Drifting Distribution.
Optimistic Optimization of a Deterministic Function without the Knowledge of its Smoothness.
The Manifold Tangent Classifier.
Higher-Order Correlation Clustering for Image Segmentation.
Projection onto A Nonnegative Max-Heap.
Priors over Recurrent Continuous Time Processes.
Sparse Manifold Clustering and Embedding.
Nonstandard Interpretations of Probabilistic Programs for Efficient Inference.
Learning Probabilistic Non-Linear Latent Variable Models for Tracking Complex Activities.
Testing a Bayesian Measure of Representativeness Using a Large Image Database.
The Impact of Unlabeled Patterns in Rademacher Complexity Theory for Kernel Classifiers.
MAP Inference for Bayesian Inverse Reinforcement Learning.
Kernel Bayes' Rule.
Hierarchical Multitask Structured Output Learning for Large-scale Sequence Segmentation.
Confidence Sets for Network Structure.
Statistical Performance of Convex Tensor Decomposition.
Boosting with Maximum Adaptive Sampling.
Heavy-tailed Distances for Gradient Based Image Descriptors.
Generalization Bounds and Consistency for Latent Structural Probit and Ramp Loss.
Beyond Spectral Clustering - Tight Relaxations of Balanced Graph Cuts.
Predicting Dynamic Difficulty.
ICA with Reconstruction Cost for Efficient Overcomplete Feature Learning.
An Application of Tree-Structured Expectation Propagation for Channel Decoding.
Evaluating the inverse decision-making approach to preference learning.
From Stochastic Nonlinear Integrate-and-Fire to Generalized Linear Models.
Signal Estimation Under Random Time-Warpings and Nonlinear Signal Alignment.
Newtron: an Efficient Bandit algorithm for Online Multiclass Prediction.
Neural Reconstruction with Approximate Message Passing (NeuRAMP).
Two is better than one: distinct roles for familiarity and recollection in retrieving palimpsest memories.
Distributed Delayed Stochastic Optimization.
Monte Carlo Value Iteration with Macro-Actions.
Budgeted Optimization with Concurrent Stochastic-Duration Experiments.
Selective Prediction of Financial Trends with Hidden Markov Models.
A Collaborative Mechanism for Crowdsourcing Prediction Problems.
Demixed Principal Component Analysis.
Variational Learning for Recurrent Spiking Networks.
Active dendrites: adaptation to spike-based communication.
Modelling Genetic Variations using Fragmentation-Coagulation Processes.
Practical Variational Inference for Neural Networks.
Dimensionality Reduction Using the Sparse Linear Model.
Blending Autonomous Exploration and Apprenticeship Learning.
Multi-Bandit Best Arm Identification.
Agnostic Selective Classification.
Inferring spike-timing-dependent plasticity from spike train data.
The Local Rademacher Complexity of Lp-Norm Multiple Kernel Learning.
Penalty Decomposition Methods for Rank Minimization.
Data Skeletonization via Reeb Graphs.
Object Detection with Grammar Models.
Learning unbelievable probabilities.
Active learning of neural response functions with Gaussian processes.
Sparse Recovery with Brownian Sensing.
How biased are maximum entropy models?
Robust Lasso with missing and grossly corrupted observations.
Online Learning: Stochastic, Constrained, and Smoothed Adversaries.
Nonnegative dictionary learning in the exponential noise model for adaptive music signal representation.
Greedy Algorithms for Structurally Constrained High Dimensional Problems.
Energetically Optimal Action Potentials.
Fast and Balanced: Efficient Label Tree Learning for Large Scale Object Recognition.
Target Neighbor Consistent Feature Weighting for Nearest Neighbor Classification.
A Reinforcement Learning Theory for Homeostatic Regulation.
Generalized Lasso based Approximation of Sparse Coding for Visual Recognition.
Multiple Instance Learning on Structured Data.
Universal low-rank matrix recovery from Pauli measurements.
Manifold Precis: An Annealing Technique for Diverse Sampling of Manifolds.
Noise Thresholds for Spectral Clustering.
Reinforcement Learning using Kernel-Based Stochastic Factorization.
Simultaneous Sampling and Multi-Structure Fitting with Adaptive Reversible Jump MCMC.
High-dimensional regression with noisy and missing data: Provable guarantees with non-convexity.
The Kernel Beta Process.
Learning a Distance Metric from a Network.
Learning Auto-regressive Models from Sequence and Non-sequence Data.
Hierarchical Matching Pursuit for Image Classification: Architecture and Fast Algorithms.
Video Annotation and Tracking with Active Learning.
Analysis and Improvement of Policy Gradient Estimation.
Automated Refinement of Bayes Networks' Parameters based on Test Ordering Constraints.
Sparse Inverse Covariance Matrix Estimation Using Quadratic Approximation.
Multilinear Subspace Regression: An Orthogonal Tensor Decomposition Approach.
Improved Algorithms for Linear Stochastic Bandits.
SpaRCS: Recovering low-rank and sparse matrices from compressive measurements.
Estimating time-varying input signals and ion channel states from a single voltage trace of a neuron.
Probabilistic Modeling of Dependencies Among Visual Short-Term Memory Representations.
A concave regularization technique for sparse mixture models.
Variational Gaussian Process Dynamical Systems.
Orthogonal Matching Pursuit with Replacement.
Probabilistic amplitude and frequency demodulation.
Divide-and-Conquer Matrix Factorization.
The Fixed Points of Off-Policy TD.
Generalised Coupled Tensor Factorisation.
Dynamical segmentation of single trials from population neural data.
Robust Multi-Class Gaussian Process Classification.
On Tracking The Partition Function.
Non-parametric Group Orthogonal Matching Pursuit for Sparse Learning with Multiple Kernels.
Why The Brain Separates Face Recognition From Object Recognition.
The Fast Convergence of Boosting.
Shallow vs. Deep Sum-Product Networks.
From Bandits to Experts: On the Value of Side-Observations.
Learning to Agglomerate Superpixel Hierarchies.
Sparse recovery by thresholded non-negative least squares.
Co-Training for Domain Adaptation.
Fast and Accurate k-means For Large Datasets.
Im2Text: Describing Images Using 1 Million Captioned Photographs.
Periodic Finite State Controllers for Efficient POMDP and DEC-POMDP Planning.
ShareBoost: Efficient multiclass learning with feature sharing.
Large-Scale Category Structure Aware Image Categorization.
Relative Density-Ratio Estimation for Robust Distribution Comparison.
Efficient Offline Communication Policies for Factored Multiagent POMDPs.
On the Completeness of First-Order Knowledge Compilation for Lifted Probabilistic Inference.
Sparse Estimation with Structured Dictionaries.
Sparse Bayesian Multi-Task Learning.
Maximum Margin Multi-Instance Learning.
Clustering via Dirichlet Process Mixture Models for Portable Skill Discovery.
Neuronal Adaptation for Sampling-Based Probabilistic Inference in Perceptual Bistability.
A Machine Learning Approach to Predict Chemical Reactions.
Submodular Multi-Label Learning.
Co-regularized Multi-view Spectral Clustering.
Inference in continuous-time change-point models.
Matrix Completion for Multi-label Image Classification.
A Global Structural EM Algorithm for a Model of Cancer Progression.
Finite Time Analysis of Stratified Sampling for Monte Carlo.
Pylon Model for Semantic Segmentation.
Exploiting spatial overlap to efficiently compute appearance distances between image windows.
Extracting Speaker-Specific Information with a Regularized Siamese Deep Network.
Learning to Search Efficiently in High Dimensions.
Information Rates and Optimal Decoding in Large Neural Populations.
Analytical Results for the Error in Filtering of Gaussian Processes.
Metric Learning with Multiple Kernels.
Semantic Labeling of 3D Point Clouds for Indoor Scenes.
Facial Expression Transfer with Input-Output Temporal Restricted Boltzmann Machines.
Multiclass Boosting: Theory and Algorithms.
PAC-Bayesian Analysis of Contextual Bandits.
Learning in Hilbert vs. Banach Spaces: A Measure Embedding Viewpoint.
A Denoising View of Matrix Completion.
Unifying Framework for Fast Learning Rate of Non-Sparse Multiple Kernel Learning.
Hierarchical Topic Modeling for Analysis of Time-Evolving Personal Choices.
Spike and Slab Variational Inference for Multi-Task and Multiple Kernel Learning.
Variance Penalizing AdaBoost.
Rapid Deformable Object Detection using Dual-Tree Branch-and-Bound.
Continuous-Time Regression Models for Longitudinal Networks.
On Causal Discovery with Cyclic Additive Noise Models.
Learning with the weighted trace-norm under arbitrary sampling distributions.
Kernel Embeddings of Latent Tree Graphical Models.
Expressive Power and Approximation Errors of Restricted Boltzmann Machines.
Action-Gap Phenomenon in Reinforcement Learning.
A Non-Parametric Approach to Dynamic Programming.
Speedy Q-Learning.
Emergence of Multiplication in a Biophysical Model of a Wide-Field Visual Neuron for Computing Object Approaches: Dynamics, Peaks, & Fits.
Learning a Tree of Metrics with Disjoint Visual Features.
Multi-armed bandits on implicit metric spaces.
Algorithms and hardness results for parallel large margin learning.
Inverting Grice's Maxims to Learn Rules from Natural Language Extractions.
Structural equations and divisive normalization for energy-dependent component analysis.
Phase transition in the family of p-resistances.
Query-Aware MCMC.
Multi-View Learning of Word Embeddings via CCA.
On U-processes and clustering performance.
On Strategy Stitching in Large Extensive Form Multiplayer Games.
k-NN Regression Adapts to Local Intrinsic Dimension.
Inductive reasoning about chimeric creatures.
Sequence learning with hidden units in spiking neural networks.
Hogwild: A Lock-Free Approach to Parallelizing Stochastic Gradient Descent.
Bayesian Partitioning of Large-Scale Distance Data.
Structured sparse coding via lateral inhibition.
Solving Decision Problems with Limited Information.
Greedy Model Averaging.
Global Solution of Fully-Observed Variational Bayesian Matrix Factorization is Column-Wise Independent.
A More Powerful Two-Sample Test in High Dimensions using Random Projection.
Spatial distance dependent Chinese restaurant processes for image segmentation.
Learning to Learn with Compound HD Models.
Learning large-margin halfspaces with more malicious noise.
Efficient Methods for Overlapping Group Lasso.
A Model for Temporal Dependencies in Event Streams.
Online Submodular Set Cover, Ranking, and Repeated Active Learning.
Comparative Analysis of Viterbi Training and Maximum Likelihood Estimation for HMMs.
Advice Refinement in Knowledge-Based SVMs.
An Exact Algorithm for F-Measure Maximization.
Hierarchically Supervised Latent Dirichlet Allocation.
Statistical Tests for Optimization Efficiency.
Selecting Receptive Fields in Deep Networks.
Active Ranking using Pairwise Comparisons.
Collective Graphical Models.
Adaptive Hedge.
Thinning Measurement Models and Questionnaire Design.
Lower Bounds for Passive and Active Learning.
Portmanteau Vocabularies for Multi-Cue Image Representation.
Understanding the Intrinsic Memorability of Images.
Unifying Non-Maximum Likelihood Learning Objectives with Minimum KL Contraction.
Efficient anomaly detection using bipartite k-NN graphs.
Ranking annotators for crowdsourced labeling tasks.
Hashing Algorithms for Large-Scale Learning.
Maximal Cliques that Satisfy Hard Constraints with Application to Deformable Object Model Learning.
TD_gamma: Re-evaluating Complex Backups in Temporal Difference Learning.
A Brain-Machine Interface Operating with a Real-Time Spiking Neural Network Control Algorithm.
On fast approximate submodular minimization.
Sparse Features for PCA-Like Linear Regression.
Better Mini-Batch Algorithms via Accelerated Gradient Methods.
Reconstructing Patterns of Information Diffusion from Incomplete Observations.
Identifying Alzheimer's Disease-Related Brain Regions from Multi-Modality Neuroimaging Data using Sparse Composite Linear Discrimination Analysis.
Convergence Rates of Inexact Proximal-Gradient Methods for Convex Optimization.
Joint 3D Estimation of Objects and Scene Layout.
Learning Eigenvectors for Free.
Bayesian Bias Mitigation for Crowdsourcing.
Learning Patient-Specific Cancer Survival Distributions as a Sequence of Dependent Regressors.
Predicting response time and error rates in visual search.
Semi-supervised Regression via Parallel Field Regularization.
Iterative Learning for Reliable Crowdsourcing Systems.
Policy Gradient Coagent Networks.
An Empirical Evaluation of Thompson Sampling.
Gaussian Process Training with Input Noise.
An ideal observer model for identifying the reference frame of objects.
Generalizing from Several Related Classification Tasks to a New Unlabeled Sample.
Anatomically Constrained Decoding of Finger Flexion from Electrocorticographic Signals.
Maximum Margin Multi-Label Structured Prediction.
Generalized Beta Mixtures of Gaussians.
High-Dimensional Graphical Model Selection: Tractable Graph Families and Necessary Conditions.
Image Parsing with Stochastic Scene Grammar.
Active Classification based on Value of Classifier.
On Learning Discrete Graphical Models using Greedy Methods.
PiCoDes: Learning a Compact Code for Novel-Category Recognition.
Optimal Reinforcement Learning for Gaussian Systems.
Gaussian process modulated renewal processes.
Structure Learning for Optimization.
Randomized Algorithms for Comparison-based Search.
Trace Lasso: a trace norm regularization for correlated designs.
Non-conjugate Variational Message Passing for Multinomial and Binary Regression.
Improving Topic Coherence with Regularized Topic Models.
Group Anomaly Detection using Flexible Genre Models.
Sparse Filtering.
Bayesian Spike-Triggered Covariance Analysis.
Composite Multiclass Losses.
Convergent Bounds on the Euclidean Distance.
Probabilistic Joint Image Segmentation and Labeling.
Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 24: 25th Annual Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems 2011. Proceedings of a meeting held 12-14 December 2011, Granada, Spain.
Environmental statistics and the trade-off between model-based and TD learning in humans.
Accelerated Adaptive Markov Chain for Partition Function Computation.
Convergent Fitted Value Iteration with Linear Function Approximation.
On the accuracy of l1-filtering of signals with block-sparse structure.
Maximum Covariance Unfolding : Manifold Learning for Bimodal Data.
Differentially Private M-Estimators.
Additive Gaussian Processes.
A rational model of causal inference with continuous causes.
Nonlinear Inverse Reinforcement Learning with Gaussian Processes.
A reinterpretation of the policy oscillation phenomenon in approximate policy iteration.
Efficient Inference in Fully Connected CRFs with Gaussian Edge Potentials.
Stochastic convex optimization with bandit feedback.
Autonomous Learning of Action Models for Planning.
Uniqueness of Belief Propagation on Signed Graphs.
Multiple Instance Filtering.
Clustered Multi-Task Learning Via Alternating Structure Optimization.
Selecting the State-Representation in Reinforcement Learning.
Dynamic Pooling and Unfolding Recursive Autoencoders for Paraphrase Detection.
History distribution matching method for predicting effectiveness of HIV combination therapies.
Prediction strategies without loss.
$\theta$-MRF: Capturing Spatial and Semantic Structure in the Parameters for Scene Understanding.
EigenNet: A Bayesian hybrid of generative and conditional models for sparse learning.
Linear Submodular Bandits and their Application to Diversified Retrieval.
Learning Sparse Representations of High Dimensional Data on Large Scale Dictionaries.
Recovering Intrinsic Images with a Global Sparsity Prior on Reflectance.
Message-Passing for Approximate MAP Inference with Latent Variables.
Large-Scale Sparse Principal Component Analysis with Application to Text Data.
Efficient coding of natural images with a population of noisy Linear-Nonlinear neurons.
Non-Asymptotic Analysis of Stochastic Approximation Algorithms for Machine Learning.
Unsupervised Structure Discovery for Semantic Analysis of Audio.
Parametric Local Metric Learning for Nearest Neighbor Classification.
Mixing Properties of Conditional Markov Chains with Unbounded Feature Functions.
On Triangular versus Edge Representations --- Towards Scalable Modeling of Networks.
FastEx: Hash Clustering with Exponential Families.
Hierarchical Optimistic Region Selection driven by Curiosity.
Visual Recognition using Embedded Feature Selection for Curvature Self-Similarity.
"Neuronal spike generation mechanism as an oversampling, noise-shaping A-to-D converter".
MCMC for continuous-time discrete-state systems.
On Lifting the Gibbs Sampling Algorithm.
Robustness and risk-sensitivity in Markov decision processes.
Supervised Learning with Similarity Functions.
Searching for objects driven by context.
Online allocation and homogeneous partitioning for piecewise constant mean-approximation.
Rational inference of relative preferences.
"Natural Images, Gaussian Mixtures and Dead Leaves".
Exact and Stable Recovery of Sequences of Signals with Sparse Increments via Differential _1-Minimization.
Coupling Nonparametric Mixtures via Latent Dirichlet Processes.
A new metric on the manifold of kernel matrices with application to matrix geometric means.
Density Propagation and Improved Bounds on the Partition Function.
Practical Bayesian Optimization of Machine Learning Algorithms.
From Deformations to Parts: Motion-based Segmentation of 3D Objects.
Max-Margin Structured Output Regression for Spatio-Temporal Action Localization.
Convergence and Energy Landscape for Cheeger Cut Clustering.
Distributed Probabilistic Learning for Camera Networks with Missing Data.
Multilabel Classification using Bayesian Compressed Sensing.
Interpreting prediction markets: a stochastic approach.
Scaled Gradients on Grassmann Manifolds for Matrix Completion.
Symmetric Correspondence Topic Models for Multilingual Text Analysis.
3D Object Detection and Viewpoint Estimation with a Deformable 3D Cuboid Model.
Dip-means: an incremental clustering method for estimating the number of clusters.
Communication/Computation Tradeoffs in Consensus-Based Distributed Optimization.
GenDeR: A Generic Diversified Ranking Algorithm.
Transferring Expectations in Model-based Reinforcement Learning.
Graphical Gaussian Vector for Image Categorization.
Optimal kernel choice for large-scale two-sample tests.
A Generative Model for Parts-based Object Segmentation.
A Geometric take on Metric Learning.
Predicting Action Content On-Line and in Real Time before Action Onset - an Intracranial Human Study.
On-line Reinforcement Learning Using Incremental Kernel-Based Stochastic Factorization.
Wavelet based multi-scale shape features on arbitrary surfaces for cortical thickness discrimination.
A mechanistic model of early sensory processing based on subtracting sparse representations.
MAP Inference in Chains using Column Generation.
Mandatory Leaf Node Prediction in Hierarchical Multilabel Classification.
Efficient and direct estimation of a neural subunit model for sensory coding.
Controlled Recognition Bounds for Visual Learning and Exploration.
A lattice filter model of the visual pathway.
Learning with Partially Absorbing Random Walks.
Deep Neural Networks Segment Neuronal Membranes in Electron Microscopy Images.
Clustering Sparse Graphs.
Online Regret Bounds for Undiscounted Continuous Reinforcement Learning.
ImageNet Classification with Deep Convolutional Neural Networks.
Fast Variational Inference in the Conjugate Exponential Family.
Tensor Decomposition for Fast Parsing with Latent-Variable PCFGs.
Effective Split-Merge Monte Carlo Methods for Nonparametric Models of Sequential Data.
Multi-scale Hyper-time Hardware Emulation of Human Motor Nervous System Based on Spiking Neurons using FPGA.
Affine Independent Variational Inference.
Dynamic Pruning of Factor Graphs for Maximum Marginal Prediction.
Putting Bayes to sleep.
Spectral learning of linear dynamics from generalised-linear observations with application to neural population data.
Learning as MAP Inference in Discrete Graphical Models.
Feature Clustering for Accelerating Parallel Coordinate Descent.
Value Pursuit Iteration.
Random Utility Theory for Social Choice.
Discriminative Learning of Sum-Product Networks.
A systematic approach to extracting semantic information from functional MRI data.
Learning Networks of Heterogeneous Influence.
Multiclass Learning with Simplex Coding.
Learning curves for multi-task Gaussian process regression.
Joint Modeling of a Matrix with Associated Text via Latent Binary Features.
Active Comparison of Prediction Models.
Adaptive Stratified Sampling for Monte-Carlo integration of Differentiable functions.
Non-linear Metric Learning.
A quasi-Newton proximal splitting method.
On the connections between saliency and tracking.
Sparse Prediction with the $k$-Support Norm.
Action-Model Based Multi-agent Plan Recognition.
Clustering by Nonnegative Matrix Factorization Using Graph Random Walk.
Analog readout for optical reservoir computers.
Statistical Consistency of Ranking Methods in A Rank-Differentiable Probability Space.
Nonparametric Reduced Rank Regression.
Learning Manifolds with K-Means and K-Flats.
Learning to Align from Scratch.
Forging The Graphs: A Low Rank and Positive Semidefinite Graph Learning Approach.
"Nystr{\""o}m Method vs Random Fourier Features: A Theoretical and Empirical Comparison".
Graphical Models via Generalized Linear Models.
Density-Difference Estimation.
Scaling MPE Inference for Constrained Continuous Markov Random Fields with Consensus Optimization.
Learning High-Density Regions for a Generalized Kolmogorov-Smirnov Test in High-Dimensional Data.
Learning with Target Prior.
"The Lovasz $\theta$ function, SVMs and finding large dense subgraphs".
Discriminatively Trained Sparse Code Gradients for Contour Detection.
A P300 BCI for the Masses: Prior Information Enables Instant Unsupervised Spelling.
Exponential Concentration for Mutual Information Estimation with Application to Forests.
Learning the Architecture of Sum-Product Networks Using Clustering on Variables.
Memorability of Image Regions.
The topographic unsupervised learning of natural sounds in the auditory cortex.
Learning Mixtures of Tree Graphical Models.
A Spectral Algorithm for Latent Dirichlet Allocation.
Learning with Recursive Perceptual Representations.
Symbolic Dynamic Programming for Continuous State and Observation POMDPs.
CPRL -- An Extension of Compressive Sensing to the Phase Retrieval Problem.
Fusion with Diffusion for Robust Visual Tracking.
Compressive Sensing MRI with Wavelet Tree Sparsity.
Deep Representations and Codes for Image Auto-Annotation.
Unsupervised Template Learning for Fine-Grained Object Recognition.
Trajectory-Based Short-Sighted Probabilistic Planning.
Active Learning of Multi-Index Function Models.
Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 25: 26th Annual Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems 2012. Proceedings of a meeting held December 3-6, 2012, Lake Tahoe, Nevada, United States.
Truncation-free Online Variational Inference for Bayesian Nonparametric Models.
Distributed Non-Stochastic Experts.
Probabilistic Event Cascades for Alzheimer's disease.
On the Sample Complexity of Robust PCA.
Accuracy at the Top.
Angular Quantization-based Binary Codes for Fast Similarity Search.
Structured Learning of Gaussian Graphical Models.
Homeostatic plasticity in Bayesian spiking networks as Expectation Maximization with posterior constraints.
Efficient coding provides a direct link between prior and likelihood in perceptual Bayesian inference.
Latent Coincidence Analysis: A Hidden Variable Model for Distance Metric Learning.
Multiplicative Forests for Continuous-Time Processes.
Bayesian Warped Gaussian Processes.
Generalization Bounds for Domain Adaptation.
Exploration in Model-based Reinforcement Learning by Empirically Estimating Learning Progress.
Neurally Plausible Reinforcement Learning of Working Memory Tasks.
Feature-aware Label Space Dimension Reduction for Multi-label Classification.
Label Ranking with Partial Abstention based on Thresholded Probabilistic Models.
Learning Invariant Representations of Molecules for Atomization Energy Prediction.
Large Scale Distributed Deep Networks.
Hamming Distance Metric Learning.
Reducing statistical time-series problems to binary classification.
Kernel Latent SVM for Visual Recognition.
Bayesian nonparametric models for ranked data.
Topology Constraints in Graphical Models.
Scalable Inference of Overlapping Communities.
Spectral Learning of General Weighted Automata via Constrained Matrix Completion.
The Coloured Noise Expansion and Parameter Estimation of Diffusion Processes.
A Neural Autoregressive Topic Model.
Learning the Dependency Structure of Latent Factors.
Pointwise Tracking the Optimal Regression Function.
Iterative Thresholding Algorithm for Sparse Inverse Covariance Estimation.
Convergence Rate Analysis of MAP Coordinate Minimization Algorithms.
Learning Multiple Tasks using Shared Hypotheses.
Local Supervised Learning through Space Partitioning.
Query Complexity of Derivative-Free Optimization.
Super-Bit Locality-Sensitive Hashing.
Identifiability and Unmixing of Latent Parse Trees.
Matrix reconstruction with the local max norm.
Learning Halfspaces with the Zero-One Loss: Time-Accuracy Tradeoffs.
Bayesian Nonparametric Modeling of Suicide Attempts.
Learning from the Wisdom of Crowds by Minimax Entropy.
Finding Exemplars from Pairwise Dissimilarities via Simultaneous Sparse Recovery.
Approximating Equilibria in Sequential Auctions with Incomplete Information and Multi-Unit Demand.
Confusion-Based Online Learning and a Passive-Aggressive Scheme.
Proximal Newton-type methods for convex optimization.
Priors for Diversity in Generative Latent Variable Models.
Structure estimation for discrete graphical models: Generalized covariance matrices and their inverses.
Learning Image Descriptors with the Boosting-Trick.
Online Sum-Product Computation Over Trees.
Bandit Algorithms boost Brain Computer Interfaces for motor-task selection of a brain-controlled button.
A Convex Formulation for Learning Scale-Free Networks via Submodular Relaxation.
Mirror Descent Meets Fixed Share (and feels no regret).
Clustering Aggregation as Maximum-Weight Independent Set.
Entangled Monte Carlo.
Calibrated Elastic Regularization in Matrix Completion.
A Better Way to Pretrain Deep Boltzmann Machines.
Shifting Weights: Adapting Object Detectors from Image to Video.
Fused sparsity and robust estimation for linear models with unknown variance.
A dynamic excitatory-inhibitory network in a VLSI chip for spiking information reregistration.
3D Social Saliency from Head-mounted Cameras.
Multi-task Vector Field Learning.
Forward-Backward Activation Algorithm for Hierarchical Hidden Markov Models.
Multiresolution analysis on the symmetric group.
No-Regret Algorithms for Unconstrained Online Convex Optimization.
Fast Resampling Weighted v-Statistics.
A Polylog Pivot Steps Simplex Algorithm for Classification.
The representer theorem for Hilbert spaces: a necessary and sufficient condition.
Emergence of Object-Selective Features in Unsupervised Feature Learning.
Semi-Crowdsourced Clustering: Generalizing Crowd Labeling by Robust Distance Metric Learning.
Simultaneously Leveraging Output and Task Structures for Multiple-Output Regression.
Recognizing Activities by Attribute Dynamics.
"Compressive neural representation of sparse, high-dimensional probabilities".
A Scalable CUR Matrix Decomposition Algorithm: Lower Time Complexity and Tighter Bound.
Slice Normalized Dynamic Markov Logic Networks.
Optimal Regularized Dual Averaging Methods for Stochastic Optimization.
Slice sampling normalized kernel-weighted completely random measure mixture models.
Bayesian Hierarchical Reinforcement Learning.
One Permutation Hashing.
Regularized Off-Policy TD-Learning.
Automatic Feature Induction for Stagewise Collaborative Filtering.
Approximating Concavely Parameterized Optimization Problems.
Accelerated Training for Matrix-norm Regularization: A Boosting Approach.
Continuous Relaxations for Discrete Hamiltonian Monte Carlo.
Gradient-based kernel method for feature extraction and variable selection.
Localizing 3D cuboids in single-view images.
Efficient Bayes-Adaptive Reinforcement Learning using Sample-Based Search.
Transelliptical Component Analysis.
Identification of Recurrent Patterns in the Activation of Brain Networks.
Nonparanormal Belief Propagation (NPNBP).
Collaborative Gaussian Processes for Preference Learning.
Random function priors for exchangeable arrays with applications to graphs and relational data.
The variational hierarchical EM algorithm for clustering hidden Markov models.
A Nonparametric Conjugate Prior Distribution for the Maximizing Argument of a Noisy Function.
A Conditional Multinomial Mixture Model for Superset Label Learning.
Human memory search as a random walk in a semantic network.
Deep Spatio-Temporal Architectures and Learning for Protein Structure Prediction.
Variational Inference for Crowdsourcing.
A Unifying Perspective of Parametric Policy Search Methods for Markov Decision Processes.
Globally Convergent Dual MAP LP Relaxation Solvers using Fenchel-Young Margins.
Bayesian models for Large-scale Hierarchical Classification.
Hierarchical spike coding of sound.
Projection Retrieval for Classification.
Mixability in Statistical Learning.
Ancestor Sampling for Particle Gibbs.
Communication-Efficient Algorithms for Statistical Optimization.
Factoring nonnegative matrices with linear programs.
Bayesian active learning with localized priors for fast receptive field characterization.
Learning from Distributions via Support Measure Machines.
Online L1-Dictionary Learning with Application to Novel Document Detection.
Nonparametric Bayesian Inverse Reinforcement Learning for Multiple Reward Functions.
Minimizing Sparse High-Order Energies by Submodular Vertex-Cover.
Risk-Aversion in Multi-armed Bandits.
Patient Risk Stratification for Hospital-Associated C. diff as a Time-Series Classification Task.
Semantic Kernel Forests from Multiple Taxonomies.
Isotropic Hashing.
Cost-Sensitive Exploration in Bayesian Reinforcement Learning.
Synchronization can Control Regularization in Neural Systems via Correlated Noise Processes.
Complex Inference in Neural Circuits with Probabilistic Population Codes and Topic Models.
On Multilabel Classification and Ranking with Partial Feedback.
Probabilistic n-Choose-k Models for Classification and Ranking.
Inverse Reinforcement Learning through Structured Classification.
Iterative ranking from pair-wise comparisons.
Minimax Multi-Task Learning and a Generalized Loss-Compositional Paradigm for MTL.
Multimodal Learning with Deep Boltzmann Machines.
Sketch-Based Linear Value Function Approximation.
Multi-Stage Multi-Task Feature Learning.
Near-optimal Differentially Private Principal Components.
Small-Variance Asymptotics for Exponential Family Dirichlet Process Mixture Models.
Delay Compensation with Dynamical Synapses.
Privacy Aware Learning.
Near-Optimal MAP Inference for Determinantal Point Processes.
A Simple and Practical Algorithm for Differentially Private Data Release.
Stochastic optimization and sparse statistical recovery: Optimal algorithms for high dimensions.
Perfect Dimensionality Recovery by Variational Bayesian PCA.
Fully Bayesian inference for neural models with negative-binomial spiking.
A latent factor model for highly multi-relational data.
Dynamical And-Or Graph Learning for Object Shape Modeling and Detection.
Collaborative Ranking With 17 Parameters.
Spiking and saturating dendrites differentially expand single neuron computation capacity.
Efficient high dimensional maximum entropy modeling via symmetric partition functions.
An Integer Optimization Approach to Associative Classification.
Learning optimal spike-based representations.
Fiedler Random Fields: A Large-Scale Spectral Approach to Statistical Network Modeling.
Multi-criteria Anomaly Detection using Pareto Depth Analysis.
Towards a learning-theoretic analysis of spike-timing dependent plasticity.
"Burn-in, bias, and the rationality of anchoring".
Approximate Message Passing with Consistent Parameter Estimation and Applications to Sparse Learning.
Semi-supervised Eigenvectors for Locally-biased Learning.
Learned Prioritization for Trading Off Accuracy and Speed.
Modelling Reciprocating Relationships with Hawkes Processes.
Minimization of Continuous Bethe Approximations: A Positive Variation.
A Bayesian Approach for Policy Learning from Trajectory Preference Queries.
Cocktail Party Processing via Structured Prediction.
Factorial LDA: Sparse Multi-Dimensional Text Models.
A nonparametric variable clustering model.
Recovery of Sparse Probability Measures via Convex Programming.
Bayesian estimation of discrete entropy with mixtures of stick-breaking priors.
"On the (Non-)existence of Convex, Calibrated Surrogate Losses for Ranking".
Gradient Weights help Nonparametric Regressors.
How Prior Probability Influences Decision Making: A Unifying Probabilistic Model.
A Divide-and-Conquer Method for Sparse Inverse Covariance Estimation.
A Stochastic Gradient Method with an Exponential Convergence Rate for Finite Training Sets.
Multiclass Learning Approaches: A Theoretical Comparison with Implications.
Risk Aversion in Markov Decision Processes via Near Optimal Chernoff Bounds.
Semiparametric Principal Component Analysis.
Semi-Supervised Domain Adaptation with Non-Parametric Copulas.
A Linear Time Active Learning Algorithm for Link Classification.
Augment-and-Conquer Negative Binomial Processes.
Persistent Homology for Learning Densities with Bounded Support.
Augmented-SVM: Automatic space partitioning for combining multiple non-linear dynamics.
Non-parametric Approximate Dynamic Programming via the Kernel Method.
Scalable nonconvex inexact proximal splitting.
Multiresolution Gaussian Processes.
Analyzing 3D Objects in Cluttered Images.
Expectation Propagation in Gaussian Process Dynamical Systems.
A Polynomial-time Form of Robust Regression.
Learning to Discover Social Circles in Ego Networks.
Selective Labeling via Error Bound Minimization.
Bayesian Probabilistic Co-Subspace Addition.
Tight Bounds on Profile Redundancy and Distinguishability.
Finite Sample Convergence Rates of Zero-Order Stochastic Optimization Methods.
Classification Calibration Dimension for General Multiclass Losses.
Volume Regularization for Binary Classification.
Image Denoising and Inpainting with Deep Neural Networks.
Kernel Hyperalignment.
Scalable imputation of genetic data with a discrete fragmentation-coagulation process.
High-Order Multi-Task Feature Learning to Identify Longitudinal Phenotypic Markers for Alzheimer's Disease Progression Prediction.
Training sparse natural image models with a fast Gibbs sampler of an extended state space.
Smooth-projected Neighborhood Pursuit for High-dimensional Nonparanormal Graph Estimation.
Efficient Reinforcement Learning for High Dimensional Linear Quadratic Systems.
Proper losses for learning from partial labels.
The Bethe Partition Function of Log-supermodular Graphical Models.
Active Learning of Model Evidence Using Bayesian Quadrature.
Dimensionality Dependent PAC-Bayes Margin Bound.
Latent Graphical Model Selection: Efficient Methods for Locally Tree-like Graphs.
Monte Carlo Methods for Maximum Margin Supervised Topic Models.
Convex Multi-view Subspace Learning.
Strategic Impatience in Go/NoGo versus Forced-Choice Decision-Making.
Causal discovery with scale-mixture model for spatiotemporal variance dependencies.
Learning about Canonical Views from Internet Image Collections.
Topic-Partitioned Multinetwork Embeddings.
Phoneme Classification using Constrained Variational Gaussian Process Dynamical System.
Q-MKL: Matrix-induced Regularization in Multi-Kernel Learning with Applications to Neuroimaging.
Majorization for CRFs and Latent Likelihoods.
Perceptron Learning of SAT.
Timely Object Recognition.
Stochastic Gradient Descent with Only One Projection.
Context-Sensitive Decision Forests for Object Detection.
Efficient Sampling for Bipartite Matching Problems.
Transelliptical Graphical Models.
Learning visual motion in recurrent neural networks.
Learning Probability Measures with respect to Optimal Transport Metrics.
On the Use of Non-Stationary Policies for Stationary Infinite-Horizon Markov Decision Processes.
Coding efficiency and detectability of rate fluctuations with non-Poisson neuronal firing.
Algorithms for Learning Markov Field Policies.
Selecting Diverse Features via Spectral Regularization.
"Provable ICA with Unknown Gaussian Noise, with Implications for Gaussian Mixtures and Autoencoders".
Submodular-Bregman and the Lova _sz-Bregman Divergences with Applications.
Best Arm Identification: A Unified Approach to Fixed Budget and Fixed Confidence.
Minimizing Uncertainty in Pipelines.
"Optimal Neural Tuning Curves for Arbitrary Stimulus Distributions: Discrimax, Infomax and Minimum $L_p$ Loss".
Sparse Approximate Manifolds for Differential Geometric MCMC.
Cardinality Restricted Boltzmann Machines.
Why MCA? Nonlinear sparse coding with spike-and-slab prior for neurally plausible image encoding.
Tractable Objectives for Robust Policy Optimization.
Learning Partially Observable Models Using Temporally Abstract Decision Trees.
Probabilistic Low-Rank Subspace Clustering.
Imitation Learning by Coaching.
Efficient Monte Carlo Counterfactual Regret Minimization in Games with Many Player Actions.
Ensemble weighted kernel estimators for multivariate entropy estimation.
Entropy Estimations Using Correlated Symmetric Stable Random Projections.
Meta-Gaussian Information Bottleneck.
Newton-Like Methods for Sparse Inverse Covariance Estimation.
Deep Learning of Invariant Features via Simulated Fixations in Video.
Locally Uniform Comparison Image Descriptor.
Learning Label Trees for Probabilistic Modelling of Implicit Feedback.
Assessing Blinding in Clinical Trials.
Truly Nonparametric Online Variational Inference for Hierarchical Dirichlet Processes.
Multi-Task Averaging.
Diffusion Decision Making for Adaptive k-Nearest Neighbor Classification.
Waveform Driven Plasticity in BiFeO3 Memristive Devices: Model and Implementation.
Convolutional-Recursive Deep Learning for 3D Object Classification.
Repulsive Mixtures.
Bayesian Pedigree Analysis using Measure Factorization.
Link Prediction in Graphs with Autoregressive Features.
Multiple Operator-valued Kernel Learning.
Co-Regularized Hashing for Multimodal Data.
Dual-Space Analysis of the Sparse Linear Model.
Nonconvex Penalization Using Laplace Exponents and Concave Conjugates.
Efficient Spike-Coding with Multiplicative Adaptation in a Spike Response Model.
Adaptive Learning of Smoothing Functions: Application to Electricity Load Forecasting.
Fast Bayesian Inference for Non-Conjugate Gaussian Process Regression.
How They Vote: Issue-Adjusted Models of Legislative Behavior.
The Time-Marginalized Coalescent Prior for Hierarchical Clustering.
Locating Changes in Highly Dependent Data with Unknown Number of Change Points.
Relax and Randomize : From Value to Algorithms.
Multiple Choice Learning: Learning to Produce Multiple Structured Outputs.
Nonparametric Max-Margin Matrix Factorization for Collaborative Prediction.
Weighted Likelihood Policy Search with Model Selection.
Bayesian nonparametric models for bipartite graphs.
The Perturbed Variation.
A Marginalized Particle Gaussian Process Regression.
