Automated Selection of Materialized Views and Indexes in SQL Databases.
FIX: Feature-based Indexing Technique for XML Documents.
An Interval Classifier for Database Mining Applications.
Composite Subset Measures.
Data Sharing Analysis for a Database Programming Lanaguage via Abstract Interpretation.
The WorlInfo Assistant: Spatio-Temporal Information Integration on the Web.
XML Full-Text Search: Challenges and Opportunities.
Supporting Exceptions to Schema Consistency to Ease Schema Evolution in OODBMS.
Direct Algorithms for Computing the Transitive Closure of Database Relations.
Analyzing Quantitative Databases: Image is Everything.
Using Formal Methods to Reason about Semantics-Based Decompositions of Transactions.
Efficient Incremental Garbage Collection for Client-Server Object Database Systems.
Improving Performance with Bulk-Inserts in Oracle R-Trees.
Analyzing energy behavior of spatial access methods for memory-resident data.
An Empirical Performance Study of the Ingres Search Accelerator for a Large Property Management Database System.
PicoDBMS: Validation and Experience.
Memory Requirements for Query Execution in Highly Constrained Devices.
Management Of Schema Evolution In Databases.
User-Optimizer Communication using Abstract Plans in Sybase ASE.
Improving Adaptable Similarity Query Processing by Using Approximations.
Using Flexible Transactions to Support Multi-System Telecommunication Applications.
Modelling Events a Data Base Application Design
Random Sampling from Pseudo-Ranked B+ Trees.
The C-based Database Programming Language Jasmine/C.
Approximate Encoding for Direct Access and Query Processing over Compressed Bitmaps.
Future research directions: Evidence from this conference.
Efficient Exact Set-Similarity Joins.
Resource Sharing in Continuous Sliding-Window Aggregates.
An Optimized Backout Mechanism for Sequential Updates.
Optimization for Spatial Query Processing.
Scalable Sweeping-Based Spatial Join.
Xquec: Pushing Queries to Compressed XML Data.
ULoad: Choosing the Right Storage for Your XML Application.
On the Properties of Extended Inclusion Dependencies.
Operations and the Properties on Non-First-Normal-Form Relational Databases.
A Commercial Back-End Data Base System
The Information Preserving Properties of Relational Database Transformations.
Efficient Search in Very Large Databases.
An Integration Framework for Sensor Networks and Data Stream Management Systems.
On Correctly Configuring Versioned Objects.
REED: Robust, Efficient Filtering and Event Detection in Sensor Networks.
Hybrid Transitive Closure Algorithms.
Providing Time-Related Constraints for Conventional Database Systems.
Watermarking Relational Databases.
Scheduling Real-time Transactions: a Performance Evaluation.
Hippocratic Databases.
Scheduling Real-Time Transactions with Disk Resident Data.
Fast Similarity Search in the Presence of Noise, Scaling, and Translation in Time-Series Databases.
Administration and Autonomy in a Replication-Transparent Distributed DBMS.
Querying Shapes of Histories.
Semantic Overlay Networks.
Whither Data Mining?
Indexing Data-oriented Overlay Networks.
Fast Algorithms for Mining Association Rules in Large Databases.
A Middleware for Fast and Flexible Sensor Network Deployment.
Information Processing for CAD/VLSI on a Generalized Data Management System.
KODA - The Architecture And Interface of a Data Model Independent Kernel.
XML Repository and Active Views Demonstration.
Historical Multi-Media Databases.
P*TIME: Highly Scalable OLTP DBMS for Managing Update-Intensive Stream Workload.
Schema-driven Customization of Web Services.
BANKS: Browsing and Keyword Searching in Relational Databases.
COMA - A System for Flexible Combination of Schema Matching Approaches.
An Electronic Patient Record "on Steroids": Distributed, Peer-to-Peer, Secure and Privacy-conscious.
XCheck: A Platform for Benchmarking XQuery Engines.
Active Views for Electronic Commerce.
DB2 Spatial Extender - Spatial data within the RDBMS.
Quasi Serializability: a Correctness Criterion for Global Concurrency Control in InterBase.
Managing Distributed Workspaces with Active XML.
An Extensible Object-Oriented Approach to Databases for VLSI/CAD.
Active XML: Peer-to-Peer Data and Web Services Integration.
Storage and Querying of E-Commerce Data.
Querying and Updating the File.
Database Technologies for Electronic Commerce.
Update Semantics for Incomplete Databases.
On the Computation of Multidimensional Aggregates.
Incremental Maintenance for Materialized Views over Semistructured Data.
Scalable Continuous Query Processing by Tracking Hotspots.
StreamMiner: A Classifier Ensemble-based Engine to Mine Concept-drifting Data Streams.
Towards DBMSs for Supporting New Applications.
Networked Query Processing for Distributed Stream-Based Applications.
Transactions in Relational Databases (Preliminary Report).
Cost-Based Query Transformation in Oracle.
Estimating the Selectivity of XML Path Expressions for Internet Scale Applications.
Database Tuning Advisor for Microsoft SQL Server 2005.
Automated Statistics Collection in DB2 UDB.
Trio: A System for Data, Uncertainty, and Lineage.
Navigating large-scale semi-structured data in business portals.
Database Architecture for New Hardware.
Disseminating Updates on Broadcast Disks.
Weaving Relations for Cache Performance.
Aqua: A Fast Decision Support Systems Using Approximate Query Answers.
DBMSs on a Modern Processor: Where Does Time Go?
Push Technology Personalization through Event Correlation.
Query Co-Processing on Commodity Processors.
Derived Relations: A Unified Mechanism for Views, Snapshots, and Distributed Data
Fine-Grained Replication and Scheduling with Freshness and Correctness Guarantees.
Management of Complex Objects as Dynamic Forms.
Data Staging for On-Demand Broadcast.
Issues in Distributed Data Base Management Systems: A Technical Overview.
OQL: A Query Language for Manipulating Object-oriented Databases.
An Object Data Model with Roles.
A Distributed Data Base System Using Logical Relational Machines.
A Modularization Mechanism for Conceptual Modeling.
Database Snapshots.
On k-Anonymity and the Curse of Dimensionality.
A Relationship Mechanism for a Strongly Typed Object-Oriented Database Programming Language.
On Biased Reservoir Sampling in the Presence of Stream Evolution.
On Maintaining Priorities in a Production Rule System.
Toward Recovery-Oriented Computing.
Vision Paper: Enabling Privacy for the Paranoids.
Algebraic Properties of Bag Data Types.
A Framework for Clustering Evolving Data Streams.
SPIDER: a Schema mapPIng DEbuggeR.
A Framework for Projected Clustering of High Dimensional Data Streams.
NILE-PDT: A Phenomenon Detection and Tracking Framework for Data Stream Management Systems.
An Automated System for Web Portal Personalization.
Distributed Processing over Stand-alone Systems and Applications.
Building knowledge-based applications with cooperating databases.
A One-Pass Algorithm for Accurately Estimating Quantiles for Disk-Resident Data.
Reducing Storage for Quorum Consensus Algorithms.
Cache Tables: Paving the Way for an Adaptive Database Cache.
The Tree Quorum Protocol: An Efficient Approach for Managing Replicated Data.
Efficient Filtering of XML Documents for Selective Dissemination of Information.
Resilient Logical Structures for Efficient Management of Replicated Data.
DataBlitz: A High Performance Main-Memory Storage Manager.
Auditing Compliance with a Hippocratic Database.
A Transaction Replication Scheme for a Replicated Database with Node Autonomy.
Interactive Schema Translation with Instance-Level Mappings.
Incremental Schema Matching.
OBK - An Online High Energy Physics' Meta-Data Repository.
Bulk-Loading Techniques for Object Databases and an Application to Relational Data.
Personalizing XML Text Search in PimenT.
Phrase Matching in XML.
Structure and Content Scoring for XML.
Eliminating Fuzzy Duplicates in Data Warehouses.
System D: A Distributed System for Availability.
Structure and Implementation of a Relational Query Language for the Problem Solver.
Linear Road: A Stream Data Management Benchmark.
Application of Sparse Matrix Techniques to Search, Retrieval, Classification and Relationship Analysis in Large Data Base Systems - SPARCOM.
Adaptable Similarity Search using Non-Relevant Information.
Garbage Collection in Object Oriented Databases Using Transactional Cyclic Reference Counting.
A Theory of Timestamp-Based Concurrency Control for Nested Transactions.
The XPS Approach to Loading and Unloading Terabyte Databases.
Programming Languages and Databases.
Specifying and Enforcing Intertask Dependencies.
Independent Database Schemes under Functional and Inclusion Dependencies.
To Weave the Web.
Approximate Matching of Hierarchical Data Using pq-Grams.
An Incrementally Maintainable Index for Approximate Lookups in Hierarchical Data.
The ADAPT System: A Generalized Approach Towards Data Conversion.
The Role Concept in Data Models.
The Analysis of the Effects of Concurrency Control on Distributed Database System Performance.
The Continued Saga of DB-IR Integration.
WS-CatalogNet: An Infrastructure for Creating, Peering, and Querying e-Catalog Communities.
Interactive Specification and Formal Verification of User's Views in Data Bases Design.
Multi-objective Query Processing for Database Systems.
On the Path to Efficient XML Queries.
A System for Keyword Proximity Search on XML Databases.
ObjectRank: Authority-Based Keyword Search in Databases.
A Framework for Using Materialized XPath Views in XML Query Processing.
Hypothetical Queries in an OLAP Environment.
Specification-Based Computing Environments.
A Scalable and Highly Available Networked Database Architecture.
Architecture of Oracle Parallel Server.
Object Database Morphology.
FAD, a Powerful and Simple Database Language.
A Model of CAD Transactions.
On Line Processing of Compacted Relations.
Protection of Information in Relational Data Bases.
Independent Components of Databases
Hardware Acceleration in Commercial Databases: A Case Study of Spatial Operations.
A Database Platform for Bioinformatics.
Performance Study of a Database Machine in Supporting Relational Databases.
Approximating Aggregate Queries about Web Pages via Random Walks.
Materialized Views Selection in a Multidimensional Database.
An Algebraic Approach to Rule Analysis in Expert Database Systems.
The Type Concept in Office Document Retrieval.
Designing Information-Preserving Mapping Schemes for XML.
Operations Data Bases.
A Practical and Modular Implementation of Extended Transaction Models.
SIREN: A Similarity Retrieval Engine for Complex Data.
An Effective Deductive Object-Oriented Database Through Language Integration.
Benefits of Path Summaries in an XML Query Optimizer Supporting Multiple Access Methods.
Performance of Future Database Systems: Bottlenecks and Bonananzas
A Non-Uniform Data Fragmentation Strategy for Parallel Main-Menory Database Systems.
IO-Top-k: Index-access Optimized Top-k Query Processing.
Building Scalable Internet Applications with Oracle8i Server.
On Searching Transposed Files (Abstract).
Molecular Objects, Abstract Data Types, and Data Models: A Framework.
A Deductive Method for Entity-Relationship Modeling.
Panel: Is Generic Metadata Management Feasible?
A Database System for Real-Time Event Aggregation in Telecommunication.
The Microsoft Repository.
Large-Scale, Standards-Based Earth Observation Imagery and Web Mapping Services.
Context-Based Prefetch for Implementing Objects on Relations.
Spatio-Temporal Retrieval with RasDaMan.
Geo/Environmental and Medical Data Management in the RasDaMan System.
Fast Maintenance of Semantic Integrity Assertions Using Redundant Aggregate Data.
Advances in Memory Technology.
Visual Web Information Extraction with Lixto.
An Overview of Repository Technology.
A Model of Queries for Object-Oriented Databases.
Supervised Wrapper Generation with Lixto.
Supporting Periodic Authorizations and Temporal Reasoning in Database Access Control.
Privacy-Preserving Indexing of Documents on the Network.
View Management in Distributed Data Base Systems.
Document Management as a Database Problem.
Value-cognizant Speculative Concurrency Control.
Distributed Concurrency Control in Database Systems.
Provisions and Obligations in Policy Management and Security Applications.
On the Encipherment of Search Trees and Random Access Files.
Inference of Concise DTDs from XML Data.
Collections of Objects in SQL3.
An Annotation Management System for Relational Databases.
The Integrated Data Model: A Database Perspective.
Adaptable Recovery Using Dynamic Quorum Assignments.
A Sophisticate's Introduction to Database Normalization Theory.
Achieving Zero Information-Loss in a Classical Database Environment.
Querying Business Processes.
Technology Challenges in a Data Warehouse.
Comprehensive Approach to the Design of Relational Database Schemes.
TPC-D: The Challenges, Issues and Results.
Object Fusion in Geographic Information Systems.
SIRIUS: A French Nationwide Project on Distributed Data Bases.
A Model for Active Object Oriented Databases.
Efficient Query Processing for Multi-Dimensionally Clustered Tables in DB2.
A Resource Class Independent Deadlock Detection Algorithm
An Analysis of Three Transaction Processing Architectures.
Returning Modified Rows - SELECT Statements with Side Effects.
Automatic Data Fusion with HumMer.
MOBY: An Architecture for Distributed Expert Database Systems.
Universal Relation Views: A Pragmatic Approach.
A Data Manipulation Language for Relational Data Structures.
Database Publication Practices.
Materialized Views in Oracle.
Database Tools and Interfaces.
Estimating the Selectivity of Spatial Queries Using the `Correlation' Fractal Dimension.
Benchmarking Database Systems A Systematic Approach.
MINERVA: Collaborative P2P Search.
What does Boyce-Codd Normal Form Do?
Object-Oriented Database Systems: Promises, Reality, and Future.
DTD-Directed Publishing with Attribute Translation Grammars.
Timestamp-Based Algorithms for Concurrency Control in Distributed Database Systems.
Conversational Aspects of Database Interactions.
Information Integration: The MOMIS Project Demonstration.
A Sophisticate's Introduction to Distributed Concurrency Control (Invited Paper).
An Extended Relational Database Model for Uncertain and Imprecise Information.
ULDBs: Databases with Uncertainty and Lineage.
Panel: One Platform for Mining Structured & Unstructured Data: Dream or Reality?
Retrieval of Relational Structures for Image Sequence Analysis.
Implementing Mapping Composition.
The Implementation of GERM, An Entity-Relationship Data Base Management System
Disk Shadowing.
Type-Based XML Projection.
Content-Based Routing: Different Plans for Different Data.
Automatic Composition of Transition-based Semantic Web Services with Messaging.
Formalization of Database Systems - and a Formal Definition of IMS (Invited Paper).
The X-tree : An Index Structure for High-Dimensional Data
Updating Derived Relations: Detecting Irrelevant and Autonomously Computable Updates.
An Evaluation of Generic Bulk Loading Techniques.
Basis of a Partially Informed Distributed Database.
Query Processing Techniques for Multiversion Access Methods.
Media360 Workflow-Implementing a Workflow Engine Inside a Database.
A Generic Approach to Bulk Loading Multidimensional Index Structures.
An Iterative Method for Distributed Database Design.
Evaluation and Optimization.
Updating Replicated Data During Communications Failures.
Implementing a Three Schema DBMS Framework.
R-Tree Based Indexing of Now-Relative Bitemporal Data.
Xcerpt and visXcerpt: From Pattern-Based to Visual Querying of XML and Semistructured Data.
Flexible and scalable digital library search.
CS4: A Tool for Database Design by Infological Simulation (Abstract).
LegoDB: Customizing Relational Storage for XML Documents.
PC Database Systems - Present and Future.
STDL - A Portable Language for Transaction Processing.
Efficient Evaluation of XQuery over Streaming Data.
Managing Data from High-Throughput Genomic Processing: A Case Study.
An Almost-Serial Protocol for Transaction Execution in Main-Memory Database Systems.
Information, Communication, and Money: For What Can We Charge and How Can We Meter It?
Microsoft English Query 7.5: Automatic Extraction of Semantics from Relational Databases and OLAP Cubes.
Multiversion Query Locking.
Logic Programming Environments for Large Knowledge Bases: A Practical Perspective (Abstract).
Putting Context into Schema Matching.
Information Preserving XML Schema Embedding.
An Architecture and Data Model for CAD Databases.
Semantic Integration in Heterogeneous Databases Using Neural Networks.
Optimizing View Queries in ROLEX to Support Navigable Result Trees.
Indexing and Querying XML Data for Regular Path Expressions.
Logical and Physical Versioning in Main Memory Databases.
Web Services (Industrial Session).
Coalescing in Temporal Databases.
Applying Database Technology in the ADSM Mass Storage System.
Fast Evaluation Techniques for Complex Similarity Queries.
Data Management for Real-Time Systems.
Computing Frequent Itemsets Inside Oracle 10G.
Certification by Intervals of Timestamps in Distributed Database Systems.
Containment of Conjunctive Object Meta-Queries.
Pathfinder: XQuery - The Relational Way.
Deferring Updates in a Relational Data Base System
Database Architecture Optimized for the New Bottleneck: Memory Access.
Production Database Systems: Making Them Easy is Hard Work.
The Drill Down Benchmark.
The New Locking, Logging, and Recovery Architecture of Microsoft SQL Server 7.0.
Warehousing Workflow Data: Challenges and Opportunities.
Obtaining Progressive Protocols for a Simple Multiversion Database Model.
A Conceptual Model for Dynamic Clustering in Object Databases.
HePToX: Marrying XML and Heterogeneity in Your P2P Databases.
View Invalidation for Dynamic Content Caching in Multitiered Architectures.
Database Machine Morphology.
AFilter: Adaptable XML Filtering with Prefix-Caching and Suffix-Clustering.
Data Models and Data Manipulation Languages: Complementary Semantics and Proof Theory
Toto, We're Not in Kansas Anymore: On Transitioning from Research to the Real (Invited Industrial Talk).
Accommodating Exceptions in Databases, and Refining the Schema by Learning from them.
O-O, What Have They Done to DB2?
Query Processing in the AquaLogic Data Services Platform.
Of Objects and Databases: A Decade of Turmoil
Data Model Equivalence.
Object and File Management in the EXODUS Extensible Database System.
Integrating Automatic Data Acquisition with Business Processes - Experiences with SAP's Auto-ID Infrastructure.
PESTO : An Integrated Query/Browser for Object Databases.
Transaction Monitoring in ENCOMPASS: Reliable Distributed Transaction Processing
Priority in DBMS Resource Scheduling.
Robustness to Crash in a Distributed Database: A Non Shared-memory Multi-Processor Approach.
Reducing the Braking Distance of an SQL Query Engine.
Data Routing Rather than Databases: The Meaning of the Next Wave of the Web Revolution to Data Management.
Distributed Concurrency Control Performance: A Study of Algorithms, Distribution, and Replication.
Adaptive Predicate Managers in Database Systems.
Translating and Optimizing SQL Queries Having Aggregates.
Miro Web: Integrating Multiple Data Sources through Semistructured Data Types.
XPERANTO: Middleware for Publishing Object-Relational Data as XML Documents.
Dynamic Load Balancing in Hierarchical Parallel Database Systems.
The Performance of Concurrency Control Algorithms for Database Management Systems.
Client-Based Access Control Management for XML documents.
An Incremental Join Attachment for Starburst.
Chip-Secured Data Access: Reconciling Access Rights with Data Encryption.
Bank of America Case Study: The Information Currency Advantage.
Chip-Secured Data Access: Confidential Data on Untrusted Servers.
The Problem of Multiple Paths in a Database Schema.
New Strategies for Computing the Transitive Closure of a Database Relation.
Ontology-based Support for Digital Government.
Using Partial Evaluation in Distributed Query Evaluation.
Some Experimental Results on Distributed Join Algorithms in a Local Network.
Database Design Tools: An Expert System Approach.
Plan-Per-Tuple Optimization Solution - Parallel Execution of Expensive User-Defined Functions.
Semantic Modeling of Object Oriented Databases.
Active Storage Hierarchy, Database Systems and Applications - Socratic Exegesis.
Work and Information Practices in the Sciences of Biodiversity.
A Data Transformation System for Biological Data Sources.
Decision Tables: Scalable Classification Exploring RDBMS Capabilities.
From XML View Updates to Relational View Updates: old solutions to a new problem.
Aggregate Maintenance for Data Warehousing in Informix Red Brick Vista.
Efficient Detection of Empty-Result Queries.
On Map-Matching Vehicle Tracking Data.
Using Large Data Bases for Interactive Problem Solving.
Effects of Database Size on Rule System Performance: Five Case Studies.
OLAP Over Uncertain and Imprecise Data.
LoPiX: A System for XML Data Integration and Manipulation.
Hashing Methods and Relational Algebra Operations.
Telcordia's Database Reconciliation and Data Quality Analysis Tool.
Online Scaling in a Highly Available Database.
Monitoring Streams - A New Class of Data Management Applications.
Evaluating Functional Joins Along Nested Reference Sets in Object-Relational and Object-Oriented Databases.
Efficient Allocation Algorithms for OLAP Over Imprecise Data.
Integrating Reliable Memory in Databases.
Interoperability In Multidatabases: Semantic and System Issues (Panel).
The Propel Distributed Services Platform.
Transaction and Catalog Management of the Distributed File Management System DISCO.
Operator Scheduling in a Data Stream Manager.
The Oracle Universal Server Buffer.
Enforcing Inclusion Dependencies and Referencial Integrity.
Using Latency-Recency Profiles for Data Delivery on the Web.
Optimization of Relational Schemas Containing Inclusion Dependencies.
Near Neighbor Search in Large Metric Spaces.
Improving Business Process Quality through Exception Understanding, Prediction, and Prevention.
The Impact of Global Clustering on Spatial Database Systems.
Process Automation as the Foundation for E-Business.
Panel: Future Directions of Database Research - The VLDB Broadening Strategy, Part 2.
A Temporal Framework for Database Specifications.
Illuminating the Dark Side of Web Services.
PSYCHO: A Prototype System for Pattern Management.
Data Abstraction, Databases and Conceptual Modelling.
Concept Description Language for Statistical Data Modeling.
Standardization and the Relational Approach to Databases: An ANSI Task Group Status Report.
Operating System Extensions for the Teradata Parallel VLDB.
On Modelling Behavioural Semantics of Databases
OS Support for VLDBs: Unix Enhancements for the Teradata Data Base.
Issues in Network Management in the Next Millennium.
The Theory of Probabilistic Databases.
What is the Use of Abstract Data Types?
The Query Optimizer in Tandem's new ServerWare SQL Product.
Toward Practical Constraint Databases.
Consistency of Versions in Object-Oriented Databases.
A Knowledge-Based Approach to Data Management for Intelligent User Interfaces.
Locking with Prevention of Cyclic and Infinite Restarting in Distributed Database Systems.
Fast Incremental Indexing for Full-Text Information Retrieval.
Practical Applications of Triggers and Constraints: Success and Lingering Issues (10-Year Award).
Managing Memory to Meet Multiclass Workload Response Time Goals.
Data-Driven, One-To-One Web Site Generation for Data-Intensive Applications.
A Prototype Content-Based Retrieval System that Uses Virtual Images to Save Space.
Translation and Optimization of Logic Queries: The Algebraic Approach.
Towards Automated Performance Tuning for Complex Workloads.
Constructing and integrating data-centric Web Applications: Methods, Tools, and Techniques.
LAURA: A Formal Data Model and her Logical Design Methodology.
Optimization of Systems of Algebraic Equations for Evaluating Datalog Queries.
BigSur: A System For the Management of Earth Science Data.
Deriving Production Rules for Constraint Maintainance.
An Optimizable Model for Application of Rollback/Restart/Recovery Procedures for Large Data Bases.
Deriving Production Rules for Incremental View Maintenance.
Flexible Database Generators.
Production Rules in Parallel and Distributed Database Environments.
To Tune or not to Tune? A Lightweight Physical Design Alerter.
Managing Semantic Heterogeneity with Production Rules and Persistent Queues.
Checking Consistency of Database Constraints: a Logical Basis.
Partial-Match Queries and File Designs.
Efficient and Effective Clustering Methods for Spatial Data Mining.
UNIBASE - An Integrated Access to Databases.
Cache-Conscious Concurrency Control of Main-Memory Indexes on Shared-Memory Multiprocessor Systems.
MDL Summarization with Holes.
Globalization: Challenges to Database Community.
Validation and Verification Aspects of Information Modeling.
Kaleidoscope Data Model for An English-like Query Language.
On the Role of `Understanding Models' in Conceptual Schema Design.
Efficiently Linking Text Documents with Relevant Structured Information.
Data Base Design Tools.
A Database Approach to Modelling and Managing Security Information
Maximizing Buffer and Disk Utilizations for News On-Demand.
Efficient Management of Multiversion Documents by Object Referencing.
Searching and Mining Fine-Grained Semi-Structured Data.
The Rebound Sorter: An Efficient Sort Engine for Large Files.
On-the-Fly, Incremental, Consistent Reading of Entire Databases.
Distributed Hypertext Resource Discovery Through Examples.
TwigStack: Bottom-up Processing of Generalized-Tree-Pattern Queries over XML Documents.
The Principle of Commitment Ordering, or Guaranteeing Serializability in a Heterogeneous Environment of Multiple Autonomous Resource Mangers Using Atomic Commitment.
Using Taxonomy, Discriminants, and Signatures for Navigating in Text Databases.
Using Segmented Right-Deep Trees for the Execution of Pipelined Hash Joins.
Home Network: Road to Ubiquitous World.
Approximate Query Processing Using Wavelets.
OntoQuest: Exploring Ontological Data Made Easy.
Ambient Intelligence with the Ubiquitous Network, the Embedded Computer Devices and the Hidden Databases (abstract).
Local Dimensionality Reduction: A New Approach to Indexing High Dimensional Spaces.
On The Marriage of Lp-norms and Edit Distance.
Application Program Conversion due to Data Base Changes.
Fast and Accurate Text Classification via Multiple Linear Discriminant Projections.
Declustering Objects for Visualization.
Associative Programming in CASSM and its Applications.
Mining Surprising Patterns Using Temporal Description Length.
Adaptive Database Buffer Allocation Using Query Feedback.
Memex: A Browsing Assistant for Collaborative Archiving and Mining of Surf Trails.
Declustering Databases on Heterogeneous Disk Systems.
Data Base Machines: System Evaluation and Conversion Issues
Composite Events for Active Databases: Semantics, Contexts and Detection.
Bellwether Analysis: Predicting Global Aggregates from Local Regions.
Dynamic Constraints and Object Migration.
Multiple Query Processing in Deductive Databases using Query Graphs.
Design and Performance Tools for Data Base Systems.
A Temporal Knowledge Representation Model OSAM*/T and Its Query Language OQL/T.
A History of System R and SQL/Data System (Invited Paper)
Loadstar: Load Shedding in Data Stream Mining.
Dynamic Data Distribution (D) in a Shared-Nothing Multiprocessor Data Store.
Update Synchronization in Distributed Databases.
CASSM: A Cellular System for Very Large Data Bases.
Panel: Directions in Database Research.
Efficient Structural Joins on Indexed XML Documents.
Storage and Access Structures to Support a Semantic Data Model.
Extended Set Theory.
Supporting a Semantic Data Model in a Distributed Database System.
Inexpensive Large Capacity Storage will Revolutionize the Design of Database Management Systems.
Tree Pattern Aggregation for Scalable XML Data Dissemination.
Towards on Open Architecture for LDL.
Taming XPath Queries by Minimizing Wildcard Steps.
Analysis of VSAM's Free-Space Behavior.
RE-Tree: An Efficient Index Structure for Regular Expressions.
A Formal Perspective on the View Selection Problem.
Hierarchical Prefix Cubes for Range-Sum Queries.
Debugging Schema Mappings with Routes.
Extensible Buffer Management of Indexes.
Content-Based Image Indexing.
SUBJECT: A Directory Driven System for Organizing and Accessing Large Statistical Databases
Optimizing the Secure Evaluation of Twig Queries.
Managing Temporal Financial Data in an Extensible Database.
Implementation of Two Semantic Query Optimization Techniques in DB2 Universal Database.
Parallel Algorithms and Their Implementation in MICRONET.
Streaming Queries over Streaming Data.
Adaptive Stream Filters for Entity-based Queries with Non-Value Tolerance.
A Less Costly Constraints Checking for Join Dependency.
Remembrance of Streams Past: Overload-Sensitive Management of Archived Streams.
An Efficient and Scalable Approach to CNN Queries in a Road Network.
Models of Distributed Systems.
The Evolution of the Web and Implications for an Incremental Crawler.
On Bubble Memories and Relational Data Base.
MIX: A Meta-data Indexing System for XML.
A Heuristic Approach to Distributed Query Processing.
Effective Change Detection Using Sampling.
Approximate Query Translation Across Heterogeneous Information Sources.
Design and Implementation of a Genetic-Based Algorithm for Data Mining.
Effective Memory Use in a Media Server.
A Uniform System for Publishing and Maintaining XML Data.
A Signature Access Method for the Starburst Database System.
An Efficient SQL-based RDF Querying Scheme.
Join Graphs and Acyclic Database Schemes
U-DBMS: A Database System for Managing Constantly-Evolving Data.
A Bandwidth Model for Internet Search.
Querying Multiple Features of Groups in Relational Databases.
Efficient Indexing Methods for Probabilistic Threshold Queries over Uncertain Data.
Ordering Information, Conference Organizers, Program Committees, Additional Reviewers, Additional Demonstrations Reviewers, Sponsors, VLDB Endowment, Preface, Foreword.
Groupwise Processing of Relational Queries.
An Evaluation of Buffer Management Strategies for Relational Database Systems.
Temporal Relationships in Databases.
Data Management for Pervasive Computing.
Author Index.
Probabilistic Ranking of Database Query Results.
A Unifying Framework for Version Control in a CAD Environment.
Self-Managing Technology in Database Management Systems.
Principles of Optimally Placing Data in Tertiary Storage Libraries.
Evaluating Top- Selection Queries.
A Comparison of Self-Contained and Embedded Database Languages.
Primitives for Workload Summarization and Implications for SQL.
PicoDMBS: Scaling Down Database Techniques for the Smartcard.
Retrieval of Composite Multimedia Objects.
A Formalism for Extended Transaction Model.
An Efficient Cost-Driven Index Selection Tool for Microsoft SQL Server.
File Directory Design Considerations for Distributed Data Bases.
Storage and Retrieval of XML Data Using Relational Databases.
A Temporal Evolutionary Object-Oriented Data Model and Its Query Language for Medical Image Management.
Query Optimization in the Presence of Foreign Functions.
Entirely Declarative Sensor Network Systems.
Including Group-By in Query Optimization.
Dynamic Update Cube for Range-sum Queries.
Optimization of Queries with User-defined Predicates
M-tree: An Efficient Access Method for Similarity Search in Metric Spaces.
Rethinking Database System Architecture: Towards a Self-Tuning RISC-Style Database System.
Profiling and Internet Connectivity in Automotive Environments.
Foundations of Automated Database Tuning.
Optimizing Queries with Universal Quantification in Object-Oriented and Object-Relational Databases.
Towards an ODMG-Compliant Visual Object Query Language.
The External Schema and CODASYL.
Comparing Hierarchical Data in External Memory.
An External Schema Facility for CODASYL 1978.
On Index Selection Schemes for Nested Object Hierarchies.
Who needs XML Databases?
Managing RDFI Data.
Privacy-Enhanced Data Management for Next-Generation e-Commerce.
A Reliable Backend Using Multiattribute Clustering and Select-Join Operator.
Indexing in a Hypertext Database.
A Parallel Strategy for Transitive Closure usind Double Hash-Based Clustering.
A Multidatabase System for Tracking and Retrieval of Financial Data.
The Enity-Relationship Model: Toward a Unified View of Data.
Integrating Triggers and Declarative Constraints in SQL Database Sytems.
Computer Technology and the Database User.
A Practical Issue Concerning Very Large Data Bases: The Need for Query Governors.
Full Disjunctions: Polynomial-Delay Iterators in Action.
The Management of Dynamically Distributed Database Windows (Extended Abstract).
XSEarch: A Semantic Search Engine for XML.
Inspector Joins.
NAOS - Efficient and Modular Reactive Capabilities in an Object-Oriented Database System.
High Level Indexing of User-Defined Types.
Optimistic Intra-Transaction Parallelism on Chip Multiprocessors.
Prediction Cubes.
Needed: Distributed Control.
RRXF: Redundancy reducing XML storage in relations.
Database Selection Using Actual Physical and Acquired Logical Collection Resources in a Massive Domain-specific Operational Environment.
Stack-based Algorithms for Pattern Matching on DAGs.
Constructing Database Systems in a Persistent Environment.
Multi-Dimensional Regression Analysis of Time-Series Data Streams.
The Case For Safe RAM.
From Tree Patterns to Generalized Tree Patterns: On Efficient Evaluation of XQuery.
HiFi: A Unified Architecture for High Fan-in Systems.
VIPAS: Virtual Link Powered Authority Search in the Web.
A Fast Index for Semistructured Data.
Optimizing Star Queries in a Distributed Database System.
Comparing Data Streams Using Hamming Norms (How to Zero In).
Derived Data Update in Semantic Databases.
Sketching Streams Through the Net: Distributed Approximate Query Tracking.
HISA: A Query System Bridging The Semantic Gap For Large Image Databases.
An Automatic Data Grabber for Large Web Sites.
Inferring Function Semantics to Optimize Queries.
A Formal Model for Maximum Concurrency in Transaction Systems with Predeclared Writesets.
A Nanotechnology-based Approach to Data Storage.
Development of a Multimedia Information System for an Office Environment.
Streaming in a Connected World.
Finding Hierarchical Heavy Hitters in Data Streams.
Summarizing and Mining Inverse Distributions on Data Streams via Dynamic Inverse Sampling.
Integration of Buffer Management and Query Optimization in Relational Database Environment.
REFEREE: An Open Framework for Practical Testing of Recommender Systems using ResearchIndex.
Biodiversity Informatics Infrastructure: An Information Commons for the Biodiversity Community.
Temporal Integrity Constraints with Indeterminacy.
ENIAM: A More Complete Conceptual Schema Language.
AIM - An Integrity Monitor for the Database System INGRES.
Lifting the Burden of History from Adaptive Query Processing.
Lineage Tracing for General Data Warehouse Transformations.
Linking Business to Deliver Value: A Data Management Challenge.
Efficient Constraint Processing for Highly Personalized Location Based Services.
PIVOT and UNPIVOT: Optimization and Execution Strategies in an RDBMS.
Integrating SQL Databases with Content-Specific Search Engines.
Querying a Multilevel Database: A Logical Analysis.
DBMS Standards: Current Status and Future Directions.
Data Dictionaries: An Assessment of Current Practice and Problems
Physical Data Independence, Constraints, and Optimization with Universal Plans
Equivalence and Mapping of Database Schemes.
The NEXT Logical Framework for XQuery.
Selective Deferred Index Maintenance & Concurrency Control in Integrated Information Systems.
MARS: A System for Publishing XML from Mixed and Redundant Storage.
Integration of Time Versions into a Relational Database System.
An Implementation for Nested Relational Databases.
Rewriting XPath Queries Using Materialized Views.
Automatic SQL Tuning in Oracle 10g.
Query Processing for High-Volume XML Message Brokering.
SQL Memory Management in Oracle9i.
Toward Learning Based Web Query Processing.
Logical Design of Deductive Natural Language Consultable Data Bases.
Towards an Internet-Scale XML Dissemination Service.
IDBD - An Interactive Design Tool for CODASYL-DBTG-Type Data bases.
Design and Analysis of Integrated Concurrency-Coherence Controls.
A Processing Interface for Multiple External Schema Access to a Data Base Management System.
Rule Management in Object Oriented Databases: A Uniform Approach.
Efficient Query Evaluation on Probabilistic Databases.
Database De-Centralization - A Practical Approach.
Answering Queries from Statistics and Probabilistic Views.
Focused Crawling Using Context Graphs.
The Effect of Skewed Data Access on Buffer Hits and Data Contention an a Data Sharing Environment.
Self-similarity in the Web.
DTL's DataSpot: Database Exploration Using Plain Language.
Computing Geographical Scopes of Web Resources.
Semantic Data Caching and Replacement.
Bridging the Gap between OLAP and SQL.
VOODB: A Generic Discrete-Event Random Simulation Model To Evaluate the Performances of OODBs.
iDM: A Unified and Versatile Data Model for Personal Dataspace Management.
Supporting Ontology-Based Semantic matching in RDBMS.
iMeMex: Escapes from the Personal Information Jungle.
Distributed Set Expression Cardinality Estimation.
Progressive Merge Join: A Generic and Non-blocking Sort-based Join Algorithm.
Answering Top-k Queries Using Views.
Clustering Techniques for Minimizing External Path Length.
Reorganization Points for File Designs with Nonlinear Processing Costs.
Issues in Developing Very Large Data Warehouses.
Large Databases for Remote Sensing and GIS.
Mining Multi-Dimensional Constrained Gradients in Data Cubes.
A Non-Two-Phase Locking Protocol for Concurrency Control in General Databases.
Simlarity Search for Web Services.
Foundation Matters.
Containment of Nested XML Queries.
Locking and Recovery in a Shared Database System: An Application Programming Tutorial.
Probabilistic Optimization of Top N Queries.
An Introduction to the Unified Database Language (UDL).
An Experimental VM/370 Based Information System.
Referential Integrity
On the Algebraic Specification of Databases.
Design Principles of a Data Base System for Unlimited Quantities of Data with Highly Complex Structures.
A Kernel Design for a Secure Data Base Management System.
A Comparative Study of Alternative Middle Tier Caching Solutions to Support Dynamic Web Content Acceleration.
Data Base Management Systems Security and INGRES.
Curio: A Novel Solution for Efficient Storage and Indexing in Data Warehouses.
Meaningful Labeling of Integrated Query Interfaces.
Lazy Database Replication with Snapshot Isolation.
Discovering Web Services: An Overview.
Security and Privacy.
The Performance and Utility of the Cactis Implementation Algorithms.
Randomized Algorithms for Matrices and Massive Data Sets.
Memory-Contention Responsive Hash Joins.
ShreX: Managing XML Documents in Relational Databases.
Processing Queries Over Generalization Hierarchies in a Multidatabase System.
Query Optimization in a Heterogeneous DBMS.
Of Nests and Trees: A Unified Approach to Processing Queries That Contain Nested Subqueries, Aggregates, and Quantifiers.
The Long-Term Preservation of Authentic Electronic Records.
Industrial Panel on Data Warehousing Technologies: Experiences, Challenges, and Directions.
Demonstration: Enabling Scalable Online Personalization on the Web.
On the Updatability of Relational Views.
Information Retrieval from an Incomplete Data Cube.
Active Database Systems (Abstract).
Capturing and Querying Multiple Aspects of Semistructured Data.
Business Process Coordination: State of the Art, Trends, and Open Issues.
A Transactional Model for Long-Running Activities.
Tertiary Memory Access and Performance in the Datacomputer.
A Uniform Approach to Processing Temporal Queries.
DVSS: A Distributed Version Storage Server for CAD Applications.
Lightweight Flexible Isolation for Language-based Extensible Systems.
Towards a Spatial Query Language: User Interface Considerations.
What Do Those Weird XML Types Want, Anyway?
A Compression Technique for Large Statistical Data-Bases
A Study of Three Alternative Workstation-Server Architectures for Object Oriented Database Systems.
Efficient Access of Compressed Data.
Multiprocessor Hash-Based Join Algorithms.
Specification, Semantics, and Enforcement of Dynamic Database Constraints.
GAMMA - A High Performance Dataflow Database Machine.
Algebraic Specification Schemes for Data Base Systems.
A Performance Evaluation of Data Base Machine Architectures (Invited Paper)
A Methodology for the Design and Transformation of Conceptual Schemas.
Client-Server Paradise.
A Performance Evaluation of OID Mapping Techniques.
An Evaluation of Non-Equijoin Algorithms.
Finding Data in the Neighborhood.
Practical Skew Handling in Parallel Joins.
A Multidatabase Transaction Model for InterBase.
The Semantic Web: Semantics for Data on the Web.
The Time Index: An Access Structure for Temporal Data.
An Implementation of Impure Surrogates.
Conecptual Modeling Using and Extended E-R Model (Abstract).
Anyone for a VLDB in The Year 2000?
Efficiently Processing Queries on Interval-and-Value Tuples in Relational Databases.
A Strategy for Decomposing Complex Queries in a Heterogeneous DDB.
Analysis of Distributed Data Base Processing Strategies.
A 20/20 Vision of the VLDB-2020?
An Enduser Guidance Component for an Intelligent Data Base System.
Performance and Scalability of Client-Server Database Architectures.
The TEXTURE Benchmark: Measuring Performance of Text Queries on a Relational DBMS.
Data Base Theory and Modeling - Theoretical and Practical Aspects.
Non-Monotonic Knowledge Evolution in VLKDBs.
Program Analysis for Conversion from a Navigation to a Specification Database Interface.
Accurate and Efficient Crawling for Relevant Websites.
Semantic Checking of Questions Expressed in Predicate Calculus Language.
Incremental Clustering for Mining in a Data Warehousing Environment.
Estimation of the Number of Tuples Satisfying a Query Expressed in Predicate Calculus Language.
Functional Specifications of Subsystem for Database Integrity.
Cooperative Access to Data and Knowledge Baes (Abstract).
Model-Driven Data Acquisition in Sensor Networks.
The Power of Methods With Parallel Semantics.
Experiences in Federated Databases: From IRO-DB to MIRO-Web.
Adaptive Execution of Variable-Accuracy Functions.
The hBP-tree: A Modified hB-tree Supporting Concurrency, Recovery and Node Consolidation.
An Adaptive Algorithm for Incremental Evaluation of Production Rules in Databases.
The Decomposition Versus Synthetic Approach to Relational Database Design.
Efficient Implementation of Large-Scale Multi-Structural Databases.
Coexistence and Transformation of Data.
Sensor Data Mining: Similarity Search and Pattern Analysis.
Design of a Signature File Method that Accounts for Non-Uniform Occurrence and Query Frequencies.
Fast Text Access Methods for Optical and Large Magnetic Disks: Designs and Performance Comparison.
Analysis of n-Dimensional Quadtrees using the Hausdorff Fractal Dimension
On B-Tree Indices for Skewed Distributions.
Recovering Information from Summary Data.
Modeling Skewed Distribution Using Multifractals and the `80-20' Law.
Predictive Load Control for Flexible Buffer Allocation.
SMOQE: A System for Providing Secure Access to XML.
Query Translation from XPath to SQL in the Presence of Recursive DTDs.
The Idea of De-Clustering and its Applications.
Computing Iceberg Queries Efficiently.
Resource Scheduling in Enhanced Pay-Per-View Continuous Media Databases.
Query Execution and Index Selection for Relational Data Bases.
SPIRIT: Sequential Pattern Mining with Regular Expression Constraints.
Managing a DB2 Parallel Edition Database.
Scalablity and Availability in Oracle7 7.3.
Query Engines for Web-Accessible XML Data.
Data Base and Software Engineering - A Design Viewpoint.
Database Applications in Developing Countries.
Two Epoch Algorithms for Disaster Recovery.
Implementing Xquery 1.0: The Galax Experience.
Relational link-based ranking.
Definition and Evaluation of Access Rules in Data Management Systems.
On Optimal Node Splitting for R-trees.
Fast Time Sequence Indexing for Arbitrary Lp Norms.
Implementing Lazy Database Updates for an Object Database System.
Magic Functions: A Technique to Optimize Extended Datalog Recursive Programs.
Efficient Discovery of XML Data Redundancies.
Schema and Database Evolution in the O2 Object Database System.
Ode as an Active Database: Constraints and Triggers.
Heterogeneity in the Distributed Database Management System SIRIUS-DELTA.
OdeFS: A File System Interface to an Object-Oriented Database.
User Interfaces for Pictorial Data Bases
Composite Event Specification in Active Databases: Model & Implementation.
Using New Clues to Find Data.
RainForest - A Framework for Fast Decision Tree Construction of Large Datasets.
Determining when a Structure is a Nested Relation.
The Size of Projections of Relations Satisfying a Functional Dependency.
Problems/Challenges facing Industry Data Base Users.
A Dip in the Reservoir: Maintaining Sample Synopses of Evolving Datasets.
On the minimization of Xpath queries.
Italian Electronic Identity Card - principle and architecture.
Processing Object-Oriented Queries with Invertible Late Bound Functions.
Managing Complex Objects in an Extensible Relational DBMS.
The BEA/XQRL Streaming XQuery Processor.
DMS: A Parallel Data Mining Server.
Using Probabilistic Information in Data Integration.
Secure Buffering in Firm Real-Time Database Systems.
Is Web-site Management a Database Problem?
Conceptual and Internal Schemas in CODASYL.
Optimization of Run-time Management of Data Intensive Web-sites.
Keyword Access to a Mass Storage Device at the Record Level.
A Model and a Method for Logical Data Base Design.
Distributed Database Systems.
Optimizing Refresh of a Set of Materialized Views.
A Cost Model for Clustered Object-Oriented Databases.
Semantic Adaptation of Schema Mappings when Schemas Evolve.
High Performance Index Build Algorithms for Intranet Search Engines.
Hybrid-Range Partitioning Strategy: A New Declustering Strategy for Multiprocessor Database Machines.
Optimizing Random Retrievals from CLV format Optical Disks.
Object Placement in Parallel Hypermedia Systems.
Concepts for Design of an Information System Conceptual Schema and its Utilization in the REMORA Project.
Some Very Large Data Bases in Developing Countries.
Queries and Updates in the coDB Peer to Peer Database System.
Plan Selection Based on Query Clustering.
Application of DBMS to Land Information Systems
Cache-conscious Frequent Pattern Mining on a Modern Processor.
Global Memory Management in Client-Server Database Architectures.
Distinct Sampling for Highly-Accurate Answers to Distinct Values Queries and Event Reports.
Local Disk Caching for Client-Server Database Systems.
Fast Incremental Maintenance of Approximate Histograms.
Managing Systems That Manage Data.
Clustering Categorical Data: An Approach Based on Dynamical Systems.
Translating Aggregate Queries into Iterative Programs.
Discovering Large Dense Subgraphs in Massive Graphs.
Masking System Crashes in Database Application Programs.
Surfing Wavelets on Streams: One-Pass Summaries for Approximate Aggregate Queries.
Access to Objects by Path Expressions and Rules.
How to Summarize the Universe: Dynamic Maintenance of Quantiles.
Scaling and Time Warping in Time Series Querying.
nD-SQL: A Multi-Dimensional Language for Interoperability and OLAP.
Implementation of SQL3 Structured Types with Inheritance and Value Substitutability.
Data Manager for Evolvable Real-time Command and Control Systems.
A Probabilistic Framework for Vague Queries and Imprecise Information in Databases.
Interval Queries on Object Histories: Extended Abstract.
Constructing Efficient Decision Trees by Using Optimized Numeric Association Rules.
Similarity Search in High Dimensions via Hashing.
Parameter Free Bursty Events Detection in Text Streams.
Maximal Vector Computation in Large Data Sets.
An Efficient Implementation of a Relational Data Base.
GHOST: Fine Granularity Buffering of Indexes.
An Overview of The System Software of A Parallel Relational Database Machine GRACE.
Processing Sliding Window Multi-Joins in Continuous Queries over Data Streams.
A Theory of Correct Locking Protocols for Database Systems
The Private Workspace Model Feasibility and Applications to 2PL Performance Improvements.
ConQuer: A System for Efficient Querying Over Inconsistent Databases.
Processing Read-Only Queries Over Views With Generalization.
Nested Mappings: Schema Mapping Reloaded.
Cost-based Selection of Path Expression Processing Algorithms in Object-Oriented Databases.
Efficient Numerical Error Bounding for Replicated Network Services.
Qualified Answers That Reflect User Needs and Preferences.
Proximity Search in Databases.
Temporal Logic & Historical Databases.
DataGuides: Enabling Query Formulation and Optimization in Semistructured Databases.
Incomplete Information in Relational Temporal Databases.
Constraints on Null Values in Relational Databases
A Model of Methods Access Authorization in Object-oriented Databases.
Contrast Plots and P-Sphere Trees: Space vs. Time in Nearest Neighbour Searches.
Locating Data Sources in Large Distributed Systems.
Scheduling Algorithms for Avoiding Inconsistency in Large Databases.
Line Graph of Gamma-Acyclic Database Schems and its Recognition Algorithm.
Declarative Data Cleaning: Language, Model, and Algorithms.
Proving Consistency of Database Transactions.
Sponsors.
Database Change Notifications: Primitives for Efficient Database Query Result Caching.
Calibrating the Query Optimizer Cost Model of IRO-DB, an Object-Oriented Federated Database System.
Statistics on Views.
Approximate Query Processing: Taming the TeraBytes.
Fast, Randomized Join-Order Selection - Why Use Transformations?
A Modal System of Algebras for Database Specification and Query/Update Language Support.
Impacts of Logic and Databases (Invited Paper)
Mind Your Grammar: a New Approach to Modelling Text.
From a laguna to open waters: Another view on the next generations of databases.
Querying and Mining Data Streams: You Only Get One Look.
Improving Performance in Replicated Databases through Relaxed Coherency.
FlowCube: Constructuing RFID FlowCubes for Multi-Dimensional Analysis of Commodity Flows.
A Data Base Design Decision Support System.
Building a Laboratory Information System Around a C++-Based Object-Oriented DBMS.
Online Balancing of Range-Partitioned Data with Applications to Peer-to-Peer Systems.
Parallel Query Scheduling and Optimization with Time- and Space-Shared Resources.
Semantics of Network Data Manipulation Languages: An Object-Oriented Approach.
Some Large Questions about Very Large Data Bases.
Design and Analysis of Parametric Query Optimization Algorithms.
A New Passenger Support System for Public Transport using Mobile Database Access.
ICICLES: Self-Tuning Samples for Approximate Query Answering.
Locking and Latching in a Memory-Resident Database System.
Temporal Slicing in the Evaluation of XML Queries.
Resource Scheduling for Composite Multimedia Objects.
Expiring Data in a Warehouse.
Efficient Algorithms for Processing XPath Queries.
On Implementing a Language for Specifying Active Database Execution Models.
Closed World Databases Opened Through Null Values.
Index Concurrency Control in Firm Real-Time Database Systems.
Write-Optimized B-Trees.
The Value of Merge-Join and Hash-Join in SQL Server.
Hash Joins and Hash Teams in Microsoft SQL Server.
Dependency Satisfaction in Databases with Incomplete Information.
Database Decomposition into Fourth Normal Form.
COMPASS: A Concept-based Web Search Engine for HTML, XML, and Deep Web Data.
The SphereSearch Engine for Unified Ranked Retrieval of Heterogeneous XML and Web Documents.
Generalizing GlOSS to Vector-Space Databases and Broker Hierarchies.
Merging Ranks from Heterogeneous Internet Sources.
Approximate String Joins in a Database (Almost) for Free.
The Transaction Concept: Virtues and Limitations (Invited Paper)
Parity Striping of Disk Arrays: Low-Cost Reliable Storage with Acceptable Throughput.
Granularity of Locks in a Large Shared Data Base.
Binding Propagation in Disjunctive Databases.
Consistency for Web Services Applications.
Combining Theory and Practice in Integrity Control: A Declarative Approach to the Specification of a Transaction Modification Subsystem.
ARIEL - A Semantic Front-End to Relational DBMSs.
The Simplification of Retrieval Requests Generated by Question-Answering Systems.
Low-Cost Compensation-Based Query Processing.
Manipulating Interpolated Data is Easier than You Thought.
Staircase Join: Teach a Relational DBMS to Watch its (Axis) Steps.
XQuery on SQL Hosts.
OLAP++: Powerful and Easy-to-Use Federations of OLAP and Object Databases.
Space Efficiency in Synopsis Construction Algorithms.
Merging the Results of Approximate Match Operations.
XWAVE: Approximate Extended Wavelets for Streaming Data.
Offline and Data Stream Algorithms for Efficient Computation of Synopsis Structures.
REHIST: Relative Error Histogram Construction Algorithms.
A Dual Space Representation for Geometric Data.
Optimizing Multi-Feature Queries for Image Databases.
Caching with 'Good Enough' Currency, Consistency, and Completeness.
The Changing Landscape of the Software Industry and its Implications for India
Aggregate-Query Processing in Data Warehousing Environments.
What is the Data Warehousing Problem? (Are Materialized Views the Answer?)
Creating Probabilistic Databases from Information Extraction Models.
Semantic Queries with Pictures: The VIMSYS Model.
Optimizing Nested Queries with Parameter Sort Orders.
Database Graph Views: A Practical Model to Manage Persistent Graphs.
Gral: An Extensible Relational Database System for Geometric Applications.
GraphDB: Modeling and Querying Graphs in Databases.
Link Spam Detection Based on Mass Estimation.
Link Spam Alliances.
Combating Web Spam with TrustRank.
A Foundation for Multi-dimensional Databases.
BHUNT: Automatic Discovery of Fuzzy Algebraic Constraints in Relational Data.
Loading a Cache with Query Results.
Optimizing Queries Across Diverse Data Sources.
Sampling-Based Estimation of the Number of Distinct Values of an Attribute.
OPOSSUM: Desk-Top Schema Management through Customizable Visualization.
GignoMDA - Exploiting Cross-Layer Optimization for Complex Database Applications.
Managing Derived Data in the Gaea Scientific DBMS.
Analyzing Transaction Activity to a Large Data Base: An Empirical Study.
Complex Spatio-Temporal Pattern Queries.
The Partial Normalized Storage Model of Nested Relations.
Parallel Execution of Test Runs for Database Application Systems.
Integrated Data Management for Mobile Services in the Real World.
An Observation on Database Buffering Performance Metrics.
Theoretical and Practical Tools for Data Base Design
A Conceptual Design of a Generalized Database Subsystem.
Discovering and Ranking Semantic Associations over a Large RDF Metabase.
Structures, Semantics and Statistics.
Data Integration: The Teenage Years.
Getting Priorities Straight: Improving Linux Support for Database I/O.
The Oracle Warehouse.
Mixed Mode XML Query Processing.
ROX: Relational Over XML.
Networked Data Management Design Points.
Scheduling for shared window joins over data streams.
Searching on the Secondary Structure of Protein Sequences.
Semantic Integrity in a Relational Data Base System.
Knowledge-Based Query Processing.
Using Referential Integrity To Easily Define Consistent Subset Replicas.
Knowledge Discovery in Databases: An Attribute-Oriented Approach.
Discovery of Multiple-Level Association Rules from Large Databases.
Data Morphing: An Adaptive, Cache-Conscious Storage Technique.
Query Processing for Multi-Attribute Clustered Records.
A Scan-Driven Sort Facility for a Relational Database System.
PRIMA - a DBMS Prototype Supporting Engineering Applications.
Evaluating Multiple Server DBMS in General Purpors Operating System Environments.
Ambiguity in Processing Boolean Queries on TDMS Tree Structures: A Study of Four Different Philosophies.
XISS/R: XML Indexing and Storage System using RDBMS.
Search Key Substitution in the Encipherment of B-Trees.
STEPS towards Cache-resident Transaction Processing.
Performance Tradeoffs in Read-Optimized Databases.
User-Oriented Data Base Query with the ROBOT Natural Language Query System.
A Semantic Model for Data Base Protection Languages.
Optimization Algorithms for Exploiting the Parallelism-Communication Tradeoff in Pipelined Parallelism.
Coloring Away Communication in Parallel Query Optimization.
A Performance Evaluation of Multi-Level Transaction Management.
Contest of XML Lock Protocols.
Database Machines.
Microprocessor Assisted Tuple Access, Decompression and Assembly for Statistical Database Systems.
WISE-Integrator: An Automatic Integrator of Web Search Interfaces for E-Commerce.
WISE-Integrator: A System for Extracting and Integrating Complex Web Search Interfaces of the Deep Web.
An Experiment in Dedicated Data Management.
Hardware and System Architecture for a Very Large Database.
A Direct Access Terabit Archival Memory.
Application Specification for Distributed Data Base Systems.
G-WHIZ, a Visual Interface for the Functional Model with Recursion.
Experiences With an Object Manager for a Process-Centered Environment.
Adaptive Load Control in Transaction Processing Systems.
Rainbow: Distributed Database System for Classroom Education and Experimental Research.
Architectures and Algorithms for Internet-Scale (P2P) Data Management.
Generalized Search Trees for Database Systems.
Evaluation of Main Memory Join Algorithms for Joins with Set Comparison Join Predicates.
Estimating the Output Cardinality of Partial Preaggregation with a Measure of Clusteredness.
Diag-Join: An Opportunistic Join Algorithm for 1:N Relationships.
Developing a Natural Language Interface to Complex Data.
The LSD tree: Spatial Access to Multidimensional Point and Nonpoint Objects.
enTrans: A System for Flexible Consistency Maintenance in Directory Applications.
Spatial Management of Data (Abstract).
Very Large Databases in a Commercial Application Environment
Viator - A Tool Family for Graphical Networking and Data View Creation.
Datalanguage: The Access Language on the Datacomputer.
What Is the Nearest Neighbor in High Dimensional Spaces?
COMBI-Operator: Database Support for Data Mining Applications.
User Extensions to the Peterlee Relational Test Vehicle.
Modelling and Querying Video Data.
Performance of Data-Parallel Spatial Operations.
Benchmarking Spatial Join Operations with Spatial Output.
The Use of Cluster Analysis in Physical Data Base Design.
InteMon: Intelligent System Monitoring on Large Clusters.
Current Research Into Specialized Processors For Text Information Retrieval.
Extension Joins.
Performance of Catalog Management Schemes for Running Access Modules in a Locally Distributed Database System.
A Privacy-Preserving Index for Range Queries.
Update Logging for Persistent Programming Languages: A Comparative Performance Evaluation.
PM3: An Orthogonal Persistent Systems Programming Language - Design, Implementation, Performance.
Self-Descriptive Relational Data Base.
Simple and Realistic Data Generation.
A Unified Approach to Program and Data Conversion.
A Note on the Survey: ``Future of Database Technology''.
The Functional Dependency Model for Logical Database Design.
Distributed Transitive Closure Computations: The Disconnection Set Approach.
Implementation and Performance Evaluation of a Parallel Transitive Closure Algorithm on PRISMA/DB.
Algebraic Manipulation of Scientific Datasets.
A Source-to-Source Meta-Translation System for Relational Query Languages.
Efficient IR-Style Keyword Search over Relational Databases.
DISCOVER: Keyword Search in Relational Databases.
An Opening Statement for the Session in Impact of New Technologies.
Privacy and Security of Data Communications and Data Bases.
Database Machine Architecture in the Context of Information Technology Evolution.
Advanced Database Technologies in a Diabetic Healthcare System.
Concurrent Operations in Extendible Hashing.
Distance Indexing on Road Networks.
Supporting RFID-based Item Tracking Applications in Oracle DBMS Using a Bitmap Datatype.
An Adaptive Data Placement Scheme for Parallel Database Computer Systems.
Handling Data Skew in Multiprocessor Database Computers Using Partition Tuning.
XML Evolution: A Two-phase XML Processing Model Using XML Prefiltering Techniques.
Spatial Joins Using R-trees: Breadth-First Traversal with Global Optimizations.
TRAC: Toward Recency and Consistency Reporting in a Database with Distributed Data Sources.
Experimental Evaluation of Real-Time Optimistic Concurrency Control Schemes.
Automating Logical File Design.
Information Protection by Method Base Systems.
Querying the Internet with PIER.
Parametric Query Optimization for Linear and Piecewise Linear Cost Functions.
AniPQO: Almost Non-intrusive Parametric Query Optimization for Nonlinear Cost Functions.
Parallel Processing of Recursive Queries in Distributed Architectures.
On Restructuring Nested Relations in Partitioned Normal Form.
Language Constructs for Programming Active Databases.
ILOG: Declarative Creation and Manipulation of Object Identifiers.
A Simulation Model for Performance Analysis of Large Shared Data Bases.
1-Safe Algorithms for Symmetric Site Configurations.
A Database Index to Large Biological Sequences.
Scientific OLAP for the Biotech Domain.
Multiple-View Self-Maintenance in Data Warehousing Environments.
An Ultra Highly Available DBMS.
The ClustRa Telecom Database: High Availability, High Throughput, and Real-Time Response.
An Analytical Method for Estimating and Interpreting Query Time.
Disjoint-Interval Topological Sort: A Useful Concept in Serializability Theory (Extended Abstract).
Providing Dynamic Security Control in a Federated Database.
Evaluation of Combinatorial File Orgenization Schemes.
Joining Ranked Inputs in Practice.
Supporting Top-k Join Queries in Relational Databases.
CORDS: Automatic Generation of Correlation Statistics in DB2.
Wireless Graffiti - Data, Data Everywhere Matters.
Querying in Highly Mobile Distributed Environments.
On Representing Incomplete Information in a Relational Data Base
The History of Histograms (abridged).
A Time Bound on the Materialization of some Recursively Defined Views.
On the Computation of the Transitive Closure of Relational Operators.
Commutativity and its Role in the Processing of Linear Recursion.
Universality of Serial Histograms.
Personalized Systems: Models and Methods from an IR and DB Perspective.
ZOO : A Desktop Experiment Management Environment.
Parametric Query Optimization.
Histogram-Based Approximation of Set-Valued Query-Answers.
Efficient Transitive Closure Algorithms.
Distributed Search over the Hidden Web: Hierarchical Database Sampling and Selection.
A Designer for DBMS-Processable Logical Database Structures.
An Active Object-Oriented Database: A Multi-Paradigm Approach to Constraint Management.
MindReader: Querying Databases Through Multiple Examples.
Research and Development on Knowledge Bases Systems at ICOT.
Total Hospital Information System of Komagome Metropolitan Hospital.
Customizable Parallel Execution of Scientific Stream Queries.
Continuous K-Nearest Neighbor Queries for Continuously Moving Points with Updates.
Maintenance of Spatial Semijoin Queries on Moving Points.
Percentile Finding Algorithm for Multiple Sorted Runs.
Data Compression Support in Databases.
Innovation in Database Management: Computer Science vs. Engineering.
User-Defined Table Operators: Enhancing Extensibility for ORDBMS.
On Indexing Line Segments.
Optimal Histograms with Quality Guarantees.
Multi-Dimensional Substring Selectivity Estimation.
Dal: A High Performance Main Memory Storage Manager.
What can Hierarchies do for Data Warehouses?
Semantic Compression and Pattern Extraction with Fascicles.
Incremental Organization for Data Recording and Warehousing.
BATON: A Balanced Tree Structure for Peer-to-Peer Networks.
Integrity Maintenance in Object-Oriented Databases.
Proclamation-Based Model for Cooperating Transactions.
Recovering from Main-Memory Lapses.
Grid Data Management Systems & Services.
Enhancements to the Voting Algorithm.
Implementing Abstract Objects with Inheritance in Datalog.
Towards more Informative User Interfaces.
The Challenge of Process Data Warehousing.
Data Constructors: On the Integration of Rules and Relations.
Priority-Hints: An Algorithm for Priority-Based Buffer Management.
The Development and Application of Data Base Design Tools and Methodology.
Database Research Strategies of Funding Agencies (Panel).
Adaptive Cleaning for RFID Data Streams.
Transaction Timestamping in (Temporal) Databases.
Query and Update Efficient B+-Tree Based Indexing of Moving Objects.
Robust Estimation With Sampling and Approximate Pre-Aggregation.
A Novel Index Supporting High Volume Data Warehouse Insertion.
Online Estimation For Subset-Based SQL Queries.
Database Application Development as an Object Modeling Activity.
Enterprise Information Mashups: Integrating Information, Simply.
A Performance Study of Query Optimization Algorithms on a Database System Supporting Procedures.
Mining Frequent Closed Cubes in 3D Datasets.
GPX: Interactive Mining of Gene Expression Data.
The BT-tree: A Branched and Temporal Access Method.
Holistic Twig Joins on Indexed XML Documents.
Indexing Mixed Types for Approximate Retrieval.
Selectivity Estimation for Fuzzy String Predicates in Large Data Sets.
What End-User Facilities do we Need?
Performance Measurements of Compressed Bitmap Indices.
Optimizing Queries on Compressed Bitmaps.
Compressing Large Boolean Matrices using Reordering Techniques.
Performance Measurements of Tertiary Storage Devices.
A Heartbeat Mechanism and Its Application in Gigascope.
2Q: A Low Overhead High Performance Buffer Management Replacement Algorithm.
An Approach for Building Secure Database Federations.
Datadict - A Data Analysis and Logical Database Design Tool.
Adaptive Locking Strategies in a Multi-node Data Sharing Environment.
Checkpointing in Oracle.
PARAgrab: A Comprehensive Architecture for Web Image Management and Multimodal Querying.
Integrating Heterogenous Overlapping Databases through Object-Oriented Transformations.
ECRINS/86: An Extended Entity-Relationship Data Base Management System and its Semantic Query Language.
POP/FED: Progressive Query Optimization for Federated Queries in DB2.
Bidirectional Expansion For Keyword Search on Graph Databases.
Support for Temporal Data by Complex Objects.
Extending Logging for Database Snapshot Refresh.
Efficient Index Structures for String Databases.
Database Updates through Abduction.
Data Models Transformation Method Based on Axiomatic Data Model Extension.
Flexible Relations - Operational Support of Variant Relational Structures.
A Relational Data Language with Simplified Binary Relation Handling Capability.
Database Technologies for the 90's and Beyond (Panel).
Data and Knowledge Bases for Genome Mapping: What Lies Ahead? (Panel).
Hilbert R-tree: An Improved R-tree using Fractals.
EUFID: The End User Friendly Interface to Data Management Systems.
Panel: User's View of Very Large Database Applications.
Exploiting Versions for On-line Data Warehouse Maintenance in MOLAP Servers.
A Linear Time Algorithm for Optimal Tree Sibling Partitioning and Approximation Algorithms in Natix.
Processing Star Queries on Hierarchically-Clustered Fact Tables.
Reduced Cover-Trees and their Application in the Sabre Access Path Model
One-Pass Wavelet Synopses for Maximum-Error Metrics.
Database Experience in the Netherlands PTT (ITCIS).
PrediCalc: A Logical Spreadsheet Management System.
Managing Change in a Computer-Aided Design Database.
Updates for Structure Indexes.
Two-Phase Deadlock Detection Algorithm in Distributed Databases.
An Efficient Deadlock Removal Scheme for Non-Two-Phase Locking Protocols.
Non-Two-Phase Locking Protocols with Shared and Exclusive Locks.
ServiceGlobe: Distributing E-Services Across the Internet.
Optimal Grid-Clustering: Towards Breaking the Curse of Dimensionality in High-Dimensional Clustering.
Choosing a View Update Translator by Dialog at View Definition Time.
A Deductive Capability for Data Management.
Optimizing the Rule-Data Interface in a KMS.
Data Sharing Through Query Translation in Autonomous Sources.
Don't Be Lazy, Be Consistent: Postgres-R, A New Way to Implement Database Replication.
Right-, left- and multi-linear rule transformations that maintain context information.
Dual-Buffering Strategies in Object Bases.
Generalised Hash Teams for Join and Group-by.
Advanced Query Processing in Object Bases Using Access Support Relations.
A Blackboard Architecture for Query Optimization in Object Bases.
Optimizing Boolean Expressions in Object-Bases.
New Criteria for the Conceptual Model.
The Entity Join.
Splitting the Conceptual Schema.
Data Model Theory Meets a Practical Application
Choices in Practical Data Design.
Solving Domain Mismatch and Schema Mismatch Problems with an Object-Oriented Database Programming Language.
A Superimposed Coding Scheme Based on Multiple Block Descriptor Files for Indexing Very Large Data Bases.
Browsing Electronic Mail: Experiences Interfacing a Mail System to a DBMS.
Exact Indexing of Dynamic Time Warping.
A Decade of Progress in Indexing and Mining Large Time Series Databases.
LB_Keogh Supports Exact Indexing of Shapes under Rotation Invariance with Arbitrary Representations and Distance Measures.
Recent Results on the Attribute Based Data Model - A Tutorial.
The Database/Data Dictionary Interface.
A Taxonomy of Data Models.
A Database Striptease or How to Manage Your Personal Databases.
Foundations of Preferences in Database Systems.
On Semantic Reefs and Efficient Processing of Correlation Queries with Aggregates.
Preference SQL - Design, Implementation, Experiences.
A Quantitative Comparison of Lockprotocols for Centralized Databases.
Mining Insurance Data at Swiss Life.
Detecting Change in Data Streams.
Indexing Multiple Sets.
LGeDBMS: A Small DBMS for Embedded System with Flash Memory.
Versions of Schema for Object-Oriented Databases.
A Transaction Mechanism for Engineering Design Databases.
n-Gram/2L: A Space and Time Efficient Two-Level n-Gram Inverted Index Structure.
The Rubicon of Smart Data.
QUIST: A System for Semantic Query Optimization in Relational Databases
Ski: A Semantics-Knowledgeable Interface.
Freeform: A User-Adaptable Form Management System.
FaceKit: A Database Interface Design Toolkit.
The Effect of Bucket Size Tuning in the Dynamic Hybrid GRACE Hash Join Method.
Bucket Spreading Parallel Hash: A New, Robust, Parallel Hash Join Method for Data Skew in the Super Database Computer (SDC).
Cascade Hashing.
A General Model for Version Management in Databases.
Multirelations - Semantice and Languages.
Data Base Description with a Single Name Category Data Model.
Practical Issues with Commercial Use of Federated Databases.
Modelling Information Preserving Databases: Consequences of the Concept of Time.
Cache Coherency in Oracle Parallel Server.
Multiple View Support within the ANSI/SPARC Framework.
Data File Management in Shift Register Memories.
Impact of New Technologies.
Algorithms for Mining Distance-Based Outliers in Large Datasets.
Finding Intensional Knowledge of Distance-Based Outliers.
A Data Manipulation Model: An Extension of the Alpha Expression.
Efficient Processing of Expressive Node-Selecting Queries on XML Data in Secondary Storage: A Tree Automata-based Approach.
Path Queries on Compressed XML.
Schema-based Scheduling of Event Processors and Buffer Minimization for Queries on Structured Data Streams.
FluXQuery: An Optimizing XQuery Processor for Streaming XML Data.
A Transformational Framework for the Automatic Control of Derived Data
Voronoi-Based K Nearest Neighbor Search for Spatial Network Databases.
Combining Histograms and Parametric Curve Fitting for Feedback-Driven Query Result-size Estimation.
Database-Inspired Search.
W3QS: A Query System for the World-Wide Web.
Ratio Rules: A New Paradigm for Fast, Quantifiable Data Mining.
Reverse Nearest Neighbor Aggregates Over Data Streams.
Checks and Balances: Monitoring Data Quality Problems in Network Traffic Databases.
Fast Nearest Neighbor Search in Medical Image Databases.
High-Performance Extensible Indexing.
High-Concurrency Locking in R-Trees.
The Double Life of the Transaction Abstraction: Fundamental Principle and Evolving System Concept.
Mobile Computing: Fertile Research Area or Black Hole? (Panel).
A Formal Approach to Recovery by Compensating Transactions.
Triggered Real-Time Databases with Consistency Constraints.
SMOOTH - A Distributed Multimedia Database System.
Shooting Stars in the Sky: An Online Algorithm for Skyline Queries.
A Data Warehousing Architecture for Enabling Service Provisioning Process.
Efficient Approximation Of Optimization Queries Under Parametric Aggregation Constraints.
Identifying Representative Trends in Massive Time Series Data Sets Using Sketches.
Relaxing Join and Selection Queries.
Mining Deviants in a Time Series Database.
Flexible String Matching Against Large Databases in Practice.
Approximate NN queries on Streams with Guaranteed Error/performance Bounds.
Data Stream Query Processing: A Tutorial.
Approximate Joins: Concepts and Techniques.
Improving Data Access of J2EE Applications by Exploiting Asynchronous Messaging and Caching Services.
myPortal: Robust Extraction and Aggregation of Web Content.
Integrity Checking in Deductive Databases.
CHICAGO: A Test and Evaluation Environment for Coarse-Grained Optimization.
Coarse-Grained Optimization: Techniques for Rewriting SQL Statement Sequences.
Vertical Data Migration in Large Near-Line Document Archives Based on Markov-Chain Predictions.
Updates in a Rule-Based Language for Objects.
Managing Intervals Efficiently in Object-Relational Databases.
High Throughput Escrow Algorithms for Replicated Databases.
Optimization of Nonrecursive Queries.
The Case for Precision Sharing.
Efficient XML-to-SQL Query Translation: Where to Add the Intelligence?
Query Processing on Personal Computers: A Pragmatic Approach (Extended Abstract).
Query-By-Example: Operations on Piecewise Continuous Data (Extended Abstract).
Towards a Real Horn Clause Language.
Query Rewrite for XML in Oracle XML DB.
The Zero-Delay Data Warehouse: Mobilizing Heterogeneous Databases.
Efficient Implementation of Loops in Bottom-Up Evaluation of Logic Queries.
Caprera: An Activity Framework for Transaction Processing on Wide-Area Networks.
Extracting Large-Scale Knowledge Bases from the Web.
Performance Evaluation of an Operating System Transaction Manager.
On the Costs of Multilingualism in Database Systems.
A Temporal Framework for Database Specification and Verification.
A Concurrent Database Manipulation Problem: Binary Search Trees (Abstract).
On Optimistic Methods for Concurrency Control.
Design Criteria for Distributed Database Systems.
StreamGlobe: Processing and Sharing Data Streams in Grid-Based P2P Infrastructures.
Pasta-3's Graphical Query Language: Direct Manipulation, Cooperative Queries, Full Expressive Power.
Computer and Communication System Development among Financial Institutions in Japan.
Cooperative Object Buffer Management in the Advanced Information Management Prototype.
FiST: Scalable XML Document Filtering by Sequencing Twig Patterns.
Efficient Snapshot Differential Algorithms for Data Warehousing.
Performance Issues in Incremental Warehouse Maintenance.
Update Propagation Strategies for Improving the Quality of Data on the Web.
Balancing Performance and Data Freshness in Web Database Servers.
Preferences; Putting More Knowledge into Queries.
Domain-Oriented Relational Languages.
The Zero Latency Enterprise.
Semantic Integrity Dependencies and Delayed Integrity Checking.
Cache Fusion: Extending Shared-Disk Clusters with Shared Caches.
Distributed Transaction Management in Jasmin.
The 3W Model and Algebra for Unified Data Mining.
The Generalized MDL Approach for Summarization.
Quotient Cube: How to Summarize the Semantics of a Data Cube.
Efficacious Data Cube Exploration by Semantic Summarization and Compression.
On Testing Satisfiability of Tree Pattern Queries.
SchemaSQL - A Language for Interoperability in Relational Multi-Database Systems.
On Efficiently Implementing SchemaSQL on an SQL Database System.
Answering Tree Pattern Queries Using Views.
Selectivity Estimation in Extensible Databases - A Neural Network Approach.
RTMonitor: Real-Time Data Monitoring Using Mobile Agent Technologies.
Language Support for Office Modelling.
A New Presumed Commit Optimization for Two Phase Commit.
Biodiversity Informatics: The Challenge of Rapid Development, Large Databases, and Complex Data (Keynote).
An Architectural Extension for a Large Database System Incorporating a Processor for Disk Search.
Extending the Search Strategy in a Query Optimizer.
On the Effectiveness of Optimization Search Strategies for Parallel Execution Spaces.
Linear Hashing with Partial Expansions.
A Single-File Version of Linear Hashing with Partial Expansions.
Computing Queries from Derived Relations.
View Matching for Outer-Join Views.
An Integrated Approach to Recovery and High Availability in an Updatable, Distributed Data Warehouse.
The gRNA: A Highly Programmable Infrastructure for Prototyping, Developing and Deploying Genomics-Centric Applications.
Pre-Analysis Locking: A Safe and Deadlock Free Locking Policy.
Query Languages and Data Models for Database Sequences and Data Streams.
Early Hash Join: A Configurable Algorithm for the Efficient and Early Production of Join Results.
Reflections on Boyce-Codd Normal Form.
Limiting Disclosure in Hippocratic Databases.
The O2 Database Programming Language.
Implementing Queries and Updates on Universal Scheme Interfaces.
Implementing an Interpreter for Functional Rules in a Query Optimizer.
Supporting Frequent Updates in R-Trees: A Bottom-Up Approach.
Efficient Incremental Maintenance of Data Cubes.
Further Improvements on Integrity Constraint Checking for Stratifiable Deductive Databases.
Unrolling Cycles to Decide Trigger Termination.
A Region Splitting Strategy for Physical Database Design of Multidimensional File Organizations.
A One-Pass Aggregation Algorithm with the Optimal Buffer Size in Multidimensional OLAP.
An Analytic Approach to Statistical Databases.
Data Mining with the SAP Netweaver BI Accelerator.
A Study of Index Structures for Main Memory Database Management Systems.
The Starburst Long Field Manager.
A Search Processor for Data Base Management Systems.
Randomizing, A Practical Method for Protecting Statistical Databases Against Compromise.
Optimizing Result Prefetching in Web Search Engines with Segmented Indices.
On The Satisfiability of Dependency Constraints in Entity-Relationship Schemata.
Information Systems Design Approach Integrating Data and Transactions
AQuery: Query Language for Ordered Data, Optimization Techniques, and Experiments.
Experiments on Access to Digital Libraries: How can Images and Text be Used Together.
Efficient Search of Multi-Dimensional B-Trees.
Temporal Query Processing and Optimization in Multiprocessor Database Machines.
File Processing Efficiency on the Content Addressable File Store.
Obtaining Complete Answers from Incomplete Databases.
Query Optimization by Predicate Move-Around.
Querying Heterogeneous Information Sources Using Source Descriptions
Queries Independent of Updates.
Challenges for Global Information Systems.
Managing Business Processes via Workflow Technology.
Grid and Applications (Industrial Session).
QoS-based Data Access and Placement for Federated Information Systems.
Facilitating Multimedia Database Exploration through Visual Interfaces and Perpetual Query Reformulations.
Cache Portal: Technology for Accelerating Database-driven e-commerce Web Sites.
Safety Guarantee of Continuous Join Queries over Punctuated Data Streams.
High-Dimensional OLAP: A Minimal Cubing Approach.
Hubble: An Advanced Dynamic Folder Technology for XML.
Issues and Evaluations of Caching Solutions for Web Application Acceleration.
CachePortal II: Acceleration of Very Large Scale Data Center-Hosted Database-driven Web Applications.
Aggregation Algorithms for Very Large Compressed Data Warehouses.
A New Compression Method with Fast Searching on Large Databases.
RankSQL: Supporting Ranking Queries in Relational Database Management Systems.
CMD: A Multidimensional Declustering Method for Parallel Data Systems.
Schema-Free XQuery.
Multivalued Dependencies with Null Values in Relational Data Bases.
DSIS - A Database System with Interrelational Semantics
Binary Search Tree Complex - Towards the Implementation of Relations.
I/O-Conscious Data Preparation for Large-Scale Web Search Engines.
Automating the design of multi-dimensional clustering tables in relational databases.
XPathLearner: An On-line Self-Tuning Markov Histogram for XML Path Selectivity Estimation.
SASH: A Self-Adaptive Histogram Set for Dynamically Changing Workloads.
CXHist : An On-line Classification-Based Histogram for XML String Selectivity Estimation.
VizTree: a Tool for Visually Mining and Monitoring Massive Time Series Databases.
Multiscale Histograms: Summarizing Topological Relations in Large Spatial Datasets.
Basic Timestamp, Multiple Version Timestamp, and Two-Phase Locking.
Querying Continuous Time Sequences.
The Design of a Rotating Associative Array Memory for a Relational Database Management Application.
Encoding, Decoding and Storing Melodies for a Data Base of Renaissance Polyphony: A Progress Report.
DB2 Common Server: Technology, Progress, & Directions.
Hierarchical Compact Cube for Range-Max Queries.
Rapid Application Prototyping the PROQUEL Language.
Behaviour Management in Database Applications.
Design and Implementation of an Extensible Database Management System Supporting User Defined Data Types and Functions.
On Semantic Issues Connected with Incomplete Information Data Bases (Abstract).
Estimating the Size of Generalized Transitive Closures.
Virtual Hashing: A Dynamically Changing Hashing.
Linear Hashing: A New Tool for File and Table Addressing.
LH*RS: A Highly Available Distributed Data Storage.
RP*: A Family of Order Preserving Scalable Distributed Data Structures.
The Design of GridDB: A Data-Centric Overlay for the Scientific Grid.
A-TOPSS - A Publish/Subscribe System Supporting Approximate Matching.
A-ToPSS: A Publish/Subscribe System Supporting Imperfect Information Processing.
Capturing Global Transactions from Multiple Recovery Log Files in a Partitioned Database System.
Activity Model: A Declarative Approach for Capturing Communication Behavior in Object-Oriented Databases.
Efficient XSLT Processing in Relational Database System.
Revisiting Pipelined Parallelism in Multi-Join Query Processing.
A Dynamically Adaptive Distributed System for Processing Complex Continuous Queries.
Using Versions in Update Transactions: Application to Integrity Checking.
An Interactive Query Language for External Data Bases.
The Network as a Global Database: Challenges of Interoperability, Proactivity, Interactiveness, Legacy.
Optimization of Nested Queries in a Distributed Relational Database.
SMART: Making DB2 (More) Autonomic.
Digital B-Trees
Key Range Locking Strategies for Improved Concurrency.
Exploiting A History Database for Backup.
Redo Recovery after System Crashes.
Optimized Query Execution in Large Search Engines with Global Page Ordering.
Enhancing P2P File-Sharing with an Internet-Scale Query Processor.
A Low Communication Sort Algorithm for a Parallel Database Machine.
A Denotational Definition of the Semantics of DRC, A Domain Relational Calculus.
The REMIT System for Paraphrasing Relational Query Expressions into Natural Language.
A Survey: The Application of Data Base Management Computers in Distributed Systems.
Database Research at MCC (Abstract).
Relational Transformation and a Redundancy in Relational Data Base.
Computing Facts in Non-Horn Deductive Systems.
From Region Encoding To Extended Dewey: On Efficient Processing of XML Twig Pattern Matching.
On Spatially Partitioned Temporal Join.
NeuroRule: A Connectionist Approach to Data Mining.
Optimization of Multi-Way Join Queries for Parallel Execution.
The Fittest Survives: An Adaptive Approach to Query Optimization.
Hash-Based Join Algorithms for Multiprocessor Computers.
Systematic Development of Data Mining-Based Data Quality Tools.
Implementation of the IRRD Data Base in Portugal.
Model-Based Information Integration in a Neuroscience Mediator System.
A Transducer-Based XML Query Processor.
1978 New Orleans Data Base Design Workshop Report.
Form-Based Proxy Caching for Database-Backed Web Sites.
Locking Protocols for Materialized Aggregate Join Views.
Database Concurrent Processor.
Selectivity Estimation and Query Optimization in Large Databases with Highly Skewed Distribution of Column Values.
Application of Data Compression to a Large Bibliographic Data Base
Extended User-Defined Indexing with Application to Textual Databases.
An Approach to Object Sharing in Distributed Datbase Systems.
A Personal Data Manager.
Sybase IQ Multiplex - Designed For Analytics.
R* Optimizer Validation and Performance Evaluation for Distributed Queries.
A Model for Integrated Information Systems.
Generic Schema Matching with Cupid.
Composing Mappings Among Data Sources.
The Voice of the Customer: Innovative and Useful Research Directions (Panel).
From VLDB to VMLDB (Very MANY Large Data Bases): Dealing with Large-Scale Semantic Heterogenity.
ACTIVIEW: Adaptive data presentation using SuperSQL.
Optimal Allocation of Resources in Distributed Information Networks.
Extending an ORDBMS: The StateMachine Module.
Modelling Non Deterministic Queries and Updates in Deductive Databases.
A Consideration on Normal Form of Not-Necessarily-Normalized Relation in the Relational Data Model.
The Optimization Strategy for Query Evaluation in RDB/V1
Database Management Systems and the Internet
Critical Database Technologies for High Energy Physics.
Aggregate Evaluability in Statistical Databases.
On the Feasibility of Implementing a Large Relational Data Base with Optimal Performance on a Mini-Computer.
Query Caching and View Selection for XML Databases.
What Happens During a Join? Dissecting CPU and Memory Optimization Effects.
Generic Database Cost Models for Hierarchical Memory Systems.
Cache-Conscious Radix-Decluster Projections.
Approximate Frequency Counts over Data Streams.
Dependency Inference.
On Relating the CODASYL Database Languages and the ANSI/SPARC Framework.
Data Base Research Projects and Funding.
A Review of the 1978 CODASYL Database Specifications.
Toward a General Spatial Data Model for an Object-Oriented DBMS.
Answering XML Queries on Heterogeneous Data Sources.
Agora: Living with XML and Relational.
CP: Clustering based on Closest Pairs.
A Language for Manipulating Arrays.
NetCube: A Scalable Tool for Fast Data Mining and Compression.
Projecting XML Documents.
Consistently Estimating the Selectivity of Conjuncts of Predicates.
Referential Integrity Revisited: An Object-Oriented Perspective.
Safe Referential Structures in Relational Databases.
The Integrated Microbial Genomes (IMG) System: A Case Study in Biological Data Management.
Incremental Reorganization of Relational Databases.
On Processing XML in LDAP.
Relating Distributed Objects.
Dealing with Temporal Schema Anomalies in History Databases.
A DBMS Architecture to Support Information Analysis (Abstract).
A Relational Database View Update Translation Mechanism.
Dynamic Maintenance of Wavelet-Based Histograms.
Persistent Threads.
Integrating Information for On Demand Computing.
Supporting Procedural Constructs in SQL Compilers.
An Injection of Tree Awareness: Adding Staircase Join to PostgreSQL.
Adaptive Density Estimation.
Mapping Maintenance for Data Integration Systems.
Metadata Management for Large Statistical Databases.
High Performance Hardware for Database Systems.
Query Optimization for XML.
EROC: A Toolkit for Building NEATO Query Optimizers.
RoadRunner: Towards Automatic Data Extraction from Large Web Sites.
Understanding the Implications of View Update Policies.
Data Base Support and Interactive Graphics.
V-Trees - A Storage Method for Long Vector Data.
OASIS: An Online and Accurate Technique for Local-alignment Searches on Biological Sequences.
Dynamic Memory Allocation for Multiple-Query Workloads.
Managing Intra-operator Parallelism in Parallel Database Systems.
Providing Database Migration Tools - A Practicioner's Approach.
A Surrogate Concept for Engineering Databases.
Using a Fuzzy Classification Query Language for Customer Relationship Management.
Monitoring Integrity Constraints in a CODASYL-Like DBMS.
Structure and Redundancy in the Conceptual Schema in the Administration of Very Large Data Bases.
On the Design of a Reliable Storage Component for Distributed Database Management Systems.
Functional Dependencies in Logic Programs.
Generalized Mutual Dependencies and the Decomposition of Database Relations.
Indexing Temporal XML Documents.
Temporal Queries in OLAP.
Finding Regular Simple Paths in Graph Databases.
OrientStore: A Schema Based Native XML Storage System.
Determining Text Databases to Search in the Internet.
A Study of Sort Algorithms for Multiprocessor Database Machines.
Design and Analysis of a Relational Join Operation for VLSI
A New SQL-like Operator for Mining Association Rules.
Scheduling of Page-Fetches in Join Operations
Distribution Models of Relations.
Information Processing Systems in a Database Environment.
Using Association Rules for Fraud Detection in Web Advertising Networks.
KLEE: A Framework for Distributed Top-k Query Algorithms.
Change-Centric Management of Versions in an XML Warehouse.
A Single Pass Computing Engine for Interactive Analysis of VLDBs.
Controlling Access to Published Data Using Cryptography.
SVM in Oracle Database 10g: Removing the Barriers to Widespread Adoption of Support Vector Machines.
Schema Mapping as Query Discovery.
The Use of Information Capacity in Schema Integration and Translation.
A Scalable Architecture for Autonomous Heterogeneous Database Interactions.
Using Schema Matching to Simplify Heterogeneous Data Translation.
MapInfo SpatialWare: A Spatial Information Server for RDBMS.
MineSet(tm): A System for High-End Data Mining and Visualization.
Synergistic Authorization in Database Systems
Quality Views: Capturing and Exploiting the User Perspective on Data Quality.
Control of an Extensible Query Optimizer: A Planning-Based Approach.
Automatic Data Base Schema Design and Optimization.
Trustworthy Keyword Search for Regulatory-Compliant Record Retention.
Extending the Relational Algebra to Capture Complex Objects.
Hierarchical Performance Analysis Models for Data Base Systems.
Implementation of a Fuzzy-Set Theoretic Data Structure System (Abstract).
Performance Evaluation of an Adaptive and Robust Load Control Method for the Avoidance of Data-Contention Thrashing.
Incorporating XSL Processing into Database Engines.
Small Materialized Aggregates: A Light Weight Index Structure for Data Warehousing.
Analysis of Two Existing and One New Dynamic Programming Algorithm for the Generation of Optimal Bushy Join Trees without Cross Products.
Hot Block Clustering for Disk Arrays with Dynamic Striping.
Caching Technologies for Web Applications.
Application Servers and Associated Technologies.
An Efficient Method for Performing Record Deletions and Updates Using Index Scans.
ARIES/KVL: A Key-Value Locking Method for Concurrency Control of Multiaction Transactions Operating on B-Tree Indexes.
Commit_LSN: A Novel and Simple Method for Reducing Locking and Latching in Transaction Processing Systems.
A Cost-Effective Method for Providing Improved Data Availability During DBMS Restart Recovery After a Failure.
DWMS: Data Warehouse Management System.
Repeating History Beyond ARIES.
Evolution of Groupware for Business Applications: A Database Perspective on Lotus Domino/Notes.
Recovery and Coherency-Control Protocols for Fast Intersystem Page Transfer and Fine-Granularity Locking in a Shared Disks Transaction Environment.
IPAC - An Interactive Approach to Access Control for Semi-structured Data.
Some Issues in Design of Distributed Deductive Databases.
The New Casper: Query Processing for Location Services without Compromising Privacy.
PLACE: A Query Processor for Handling Real-time Spatio-temporal Data Streams.
Concurrency Control in B+-Trees Databases Using Preparatory Operations.
DISNIC-PLAN: A NICNET Based Distributed Database for Micro-level Planning in India.
The Active Information System: A Data-Driven System for the Analysis of Imprecise Data
CURE for Cubes: Cubing Using a ROLAP Engine.
Active Databases as a Paradigm for Enhanced Computing Environments.
Constraint Equations: Declarative Expression of Constraints With Automatic Enforcement.
Database Technology for Reliable Systems: Issues, Impact, and Approaches (Panel).
A Very Large Database System to Serve National Welfare.
Algorithms for Mining Association Rules for Binary Segmentations of Huge Categorical Databases.
Efficient Construction of Regression Trees with Range and Region Splitting.
Enabling End-users to Construct Data-intensive Web-sites from XML Repositories: An Example-based Approach.
Retrieval-By-Unification Operation on a Relational Knowledge Base.
Tree-Pattern Queries on a Lightweight XML Processor.
L/MRP: A Buffer Management Strategy for Interactive Continuous Data Flows in a Multimedia DBMS.
Log-Based Recovery for Nested Transactions.
Completeness Information and Its Application to Query Processing.
Using Integrity Constraints to Provide Intensional Answers to Relational Queries.
Continuous Nearest Neighbor Monitoring in Road Networks.
BioPatentMiner: An Information Retrieval System for BioMedical Patents.
Building Conference Proceedings Requires Adaptable Workflow and Content Management.
Unified Dynamic Hashing.
The Magic of Duplicates and Aggregates.
Performance Analysis of Disk Arrays under Failure.
A Requirement-Based Approach to Data Modeling and Re-Engineering.
Application of Sub-Predicate Tests in Database Systems.
Optimization and Dataflow Algorithms for Nested Tree Queries.
Improved Unnesting Algorithms for Join Aggregate SQL Queries.
Concepts of Sorting and Projection in a Cellular Array
File Redundancy Issues in Distributed Database Systems.
Effective Resource Utilization for Multiprocessor Join Execution.
XML Schemas in Oracle XML DB.
Design, Implementation, and Performance of the LHAM Log-Structured History Data Access Method.
Software Repositories.
Some Features of the TAXIS Data Model.
Towards Robustness in Query Auditing.
Database Challenges in the Integration of Biomedical Data Sets.
An Approach to Data Communication between Different Generalized Data Base Management Systems.
An Analysis of Storage Utilization Factor in Block Split Data Structuring Scheme.
Hash-Partitioned Join Method Using Dynamic Destaging Strategy.
Some Analytic Tools for the Design of Relational Database Systems.
Answering Imprecise Queries over Web Databases.
Delay Aware Querying with Seaweed.
Tavant System Architecture for Sell-side Channel Management.
IrisNet: An Architecture for Internet-scale Sensing Services.
Supporting Incremental Join Queries on Ranked Inputs.
How to Forget the Past Without Repeating It.
Argument Reduction by Factoring.
Quality-driven Integration of Heterogenous Information Systems.
Schema Analysis for Database Restructuring.
An Intuitive Approach to Normalize Network Structured Data.
Databases for Computer Aided Design and Manufacturing.
Restructuring for Large Data Bases: Three Levels of Abstraction.
A Methodology for View Inegration in Logical Database Design.
Databases for Expert Systems.
Relationship Merging in Schema Integration.
Recursive Strategies for Answering Recursive Queries - The RQA/FQI Strategy.
Integration of Data Mining with Database Technology.
POREL: A Distributed Data Base on an Inhomogeneous Computer Network.
Dynamic Derivation of Personalized Views.
Consistency and Transactions in CAD Database.
A Combined Framework for Grouping and Order Optimization.
Expert Database Support for Consistent Dynamic Objects.
Some Comments on Human Archival Memory as a Very Large Data Base.
NexusScout: An Advanced Location-Based Application on a Distributed, Open Mediation Platform.
Native XML Support in DB2 Universal Database.
Mutual Dependencies and Some Results on Undecomposable Relations.
BibFinder/StatMiner: Effectively Mining and Using Coverage and Overlap Statistics in Data Integration.
ProTDB: Probabilistic Data in XML.
An Object-Oriented Environment for OIS Applications.
Generating Call-Level Interfaces for Advanced Database Application Programming.
TOPAZ: a Cost-Based, Rule-Driven, Multi-Phase Parallelizer.
Functional Properties of Information Filtering.
Cooperative Transaction Hierarchies: A Transaction Model to Support Design Applications.
Measured Performance of Time Interval Concurrency Control Techniques.
MERLIN - Design of a National Bibliographic Database.
Asera: Extranet Architecture for B2B Solutions.
eBusiness Standards and Architectures.
The Persistent Cache: Improving OID Indexing in Temporal Object-Oriented Database Systems.
French government activity in the conservation of data and electronic documents.
Trends in Data Warehousing: A Practitioner's View.
Where is Business Intelligence taking today's Database Systems?
Collaborative Analytical Processing - Dream or Reality? (Panel abstract).
Objectivity Industrial Exhibit.
Effective & Efficient Document Ranking without using a Large Lexicon.
Contextual Insight in Search: Enabling Technologies and Applications.
Experiments on Query Expansion for Internet Yellow Page Services Using Web Log Mining.
A Family of Incomplete Relational Database Models.
On the design and implementation of information systems from deductive conceptual models.
Integrity Constraints Checking In Deductive Databases.
Simple Random Sampling from Relational Databases.
Random Sampling from B+ Trees.
Why Search Engines are Used Increasingly to Offload Queries from Databases.
Offering a Precision-Performance Tradeoff for Aggregation Queries over Replicated Data.
Estimating Response Time for Auxiliary Memory Configuartions with Multiple Movable-Head Disk Modules.
Incremental File Reorganization Schemes.
Performance Analysis of a Load Balancing Hash-Join Algorithm for a Shared Memory Multiprocessor.
Measuring the Complexity of Join Enumeration in Query Optimization.
Fast High-Dimensional Data Search in Incomplete Databases.
Indexing the Distance: An Efficient Method to KNN Processing.
Statistice for the Usage of a Conceptual Data Model as a Basis for Logical Data Base Design.
A Dynamic Hash File for Random and Sequential Accessing.
Starting (and Sometimes Ending) a Database Company.
Accessing a Relational Database through an Object-Oriented Database Interface.
Compact 0-Complete Trees.
Towards a Universal Relation Interface.
The Making of TPC-DS.
A Mapping Function for the Directory of a Multidimensional Extendible Hashing.
Georgraphic Information Systems, A Challenge for the 90's (Panel).
A Top-Down Approach for Two Level Serializability.
A Low-Cost Storage Server for Movie on Demand Databases.
Storage Service Providers: a Solution for Storage Management? (Panel).
Microprocessor Based Modular Database Processors.
Dynamic and Order Preserving Data Partitioning for Database Machines.
Sideway Value Algebra for Object-Relational Databases.
Statistical Databases.
Distributed Database Management: Current State-of-the-Art, Unsolved Problems, New Issues (Abstract).
An Extendible Hash for Multi-Precision Similarity Querying of Image Databases.
An Asynchronous Avoidance-Based Cache Consistency Algorithm for Client Caching DBMSs.
Fast Algorithms for Maintaining Replica Consistency in Lazy Master Replicated Databases.
Extracting Large Data Sets using DB2 Parallel Edition.
XQuery Implementation in a Relational Database System.
Indexing XML Data Stored in a Relational Database.
Record Subtype Facilities in Database Systems.
Fido: A Cache That Learns to Fetch.
Indexing Large Human-Motion Databases.
Incremental Maintenance for Non-Distributive Aggregate Functions.
The Denodo Data Integration Platform.
Indexing for Function Approximation.
WIC: A General-Purpose Algorithm for Monitoring Web Information Sources.
Shuffling a Stacked Deck: The Case for Partially Randomized Ranking of Search Engine Results.
Memory-Adaptive External Sorting.
A Case-Based Approach to Information Integration.
An Alternative Structure for Data Base Management Systems.
Algorithms for Querying by Spatial Structure.
MV3R-Tree: A Spatio-Temporal Access Method for Timestamp and Interval Queries.
The TPR*-Tree: An Optimized Spatio-Temporal Access Method for Predictive Queries.
Query Processing in Spatial Network Databases.
Adaptive, Hands-Off Stream Mining.
Streaming Pattern Discovery in Multiple Time-Series.
RadixZip: Linear-Time Compression of Token Streams.
Object Fusion in Mediator Systems.
Pattern Tree Algebras: Sets or Sequences?
Design and Development of a Stream Service in a Heterogenous Client Environment.
CheeTah: a Lightweight Transaction Server for Plug-and-Play Internet Data Management.
Structural Function Inlining Technique for Structurally Recursive XML Queries.
Knowledge-Bases and Database Engineering.
Algorithmic Applications for a new Result on Multivalued Dependencies.
SVP: A Model Capturing Sets, Lists, Streams, and Parallelism.
Efficient and Decentralized PageRank Approximation in a Peer-to-Peer Web Search Network.
Information Management for Genome Level Bioinformatics.
The Need for Data Quality.
Managing Text as Data.
The TreeScape System: Reuse of Pre-Computed Aggregates over Irregular OLAP Hierarchies.
Extending Practical Pre-Aggregation in On-Line Analytical Processing.
A Computer Architecture for Large (Distributed) Data Bases.
EEV Evaluation and Implementation of Database Systems.
Catching the Best Views of Skyline: A Semantic Approach Based on Decisive Subspaces.
Empirical Comparison of Database Concurrency Schemes.
The Complexity of Transformation-Based Join Enumeration.
Application of Novel Technologies to the Management of a Very Large Date Base.
WebFilter: A High-throughput XML-based Publish and Subscribe System.
Publish/Subscribe on the Web at Extreme Speed.
S-ToPSS: Semantic Toronto Publish/Subscribe System.
CMS-ToPSS: Efficient Dissemination of RSS Documents.
Novel Approaches in Query Processing for Moving Object Trajectories.
Telidon and the Human Factors of Videotex Data Bases.
A Data Modeling Approach to Simplify the Design of User Interfaces.
Fundamental and Secondary Issues in the Design of Non-Procedural Relational Languages.
Materialization: A Powerful and Ubiquitous Abstraction Pattern.
Designing A Generalized NF2 Model with an SQL-Type Language Interface.
Exploiting Versions for Handling Updates in Broadcast Disks.
Integrity Constraint and Rule Maintenance in Temporal Deductive Knowledge Bases.
Generating Thousand Benchmark Queries in Seconds.
Large Scale Data Warehouses on Grid: Oracle Database 10g and HP ProLiant Systems.
Oracle Industrial Exhibit.
Disk Mirroring with Alternating Deferred Updates.
Structure and Value Synopses for XML Data Graphs.
Towards a Formal Approach for Object Database Design.
Mixed concurrency control: Dealing with heterogeneity in distributed database systems.
Estimation of Query-Result Distribution and its Application in Parallel-Join Load Balancing.
Selectivity Estimation Without the Attribute Value Independence Assumption.
Translating Web Data.
Data Compression in Oracle.
Quintillabit: Parameters of a Hyperlarge Database.
Merging Models Based on Given Correspondences.
A Scalable Algorithm for Answering Queries Using Views.
A Functional Programming Approach to Deductive Databases.
A Domain-theoretic Approach to Integrating Functional and Logic Database Languages.
Investigation of Algebraic Query Optimisation Techniques for Database Programming Languages.
In Cyber Space No One can Hear You Scream.
Towards an Optimal Data-Structure: CB-trees.
An Algebraic Query Model for Effective and Efficient Retrieval of XML Fragments.
Hardware Organization for Nonnumeric Processing
Split-Transactions for Open-Ended Activities.
Efficient Main Memory Data Management Using the DBGraph Storage Model.
Synthesizing Database Transactions.
Integrity Constraint Reformulation for Efficient Validation.
Knowledge-based Integrity Constraint Validation.
The ND-Tree: A Dynamic Indexing Technique for Multidimensional Non-ordered Discrete Data Spaces.
A Methodologic Guide-Line for the Instalation of Data Base Development Tools and Data Administration Tools: Two Case Studies from Brazil.
Natural Language Data Bases.
An Information-Retrieval Approach for Image Databases.
Loading the Data Warehouse Across Various Parallel Architectures
Crawling the Hidden Web.
Complex Queries over Web Repositories.
Analysis of Dynamic Load Balancing Strategies for Parallel Shared Nothing Database Systems.
Dynamic Multi-Resource Load Balancing in Parallel Database Systems.
Scientific Journals: Extinction or Explosion? (Panel).
Modeling Design Versions.
The MR Diagram - A Model for Conceptual Database Design.
Rule Ordering in Bottom-Up Fixpoint Evaluation of Logic Programs.
CORAL - Control, Relations and Logic.
Architectural Issues in Distributed Data Base Systems.
Social, Educational, and Governmental Change Enabled through Information Technology.
Real-Time Databases (Panel).
A Case for Fractured Mirrors.
Potter's Wheel: An Interactive Data Cleaning System.
Parallel Querying with Non-Dedicated Computers.
Progressive Optimization in Action.
Online Dynamic Reordering for Interactive Data Processing.
How to Wring a Table Dry: Entropy Compression of Relations and Querying of Compressed Relations.
Covering Indexes for XML Queries: Bisimulation - Simulation = Negation.
Set Containment Joins: The Good, The Bad and The Ugly.
E.piphany Epicenter Technology Overview.
On the Discovery of Interesting Patterns in Association Rules.
Integrating the UB-Tree into a Database System Kernel.
Champagne: Data Change Propagation for Heterogeneous Information Systems.
A Deferred Cleansing Method for RFID Data Analytics.
Cache Conscious Indexing for Decision-Support in Main Memory.
A Parallel Processing Strategy for Evaluating Recursive Queries.
A Trajectory Splitting Model for Efficient Spatio-Temporal Indexing.
PUBLIC: A Decision Tree Classifier that Integrates Building and Pruning.
A Multi-Resolution Relational Data Model.
Analyzing Plan Diagrams of Database Query Optimizers.
Solving the Phantom Problem by Predicative Optimistic Concurrency Control.
Compact Histograms for Hierarchical Identifiers.
Data Models for Secondary Storage Representations.
How System 11 SQL Server Became Fast.
Minimizing the I/O-Operations for Undo-Logging in Database Systems.
Databases and Workflow Management: What is it All About? (Panel).
The Heterogeneity Problem and Middleware Technology: Experiences with and Performance of Database Gateways.
Bridging Heterogeneity: Research and Practice of Database Middleware Technology.
Supporting Lists in a Data Model (A Timely Approach).
IML-Inscribed Nets for Modeling Text Processing and Data (Base) Management Systems
Active Storage for Large-Scale Data Mining and Multimedia.
Distributed Data Processing Versus Distributed Data Base Processing
Production Program Generation in a Flexible Data Dictionary System.
Monitoring Database Objects.
Semantic Access: Semantic Interface for Querying Databases.
Maintaining Data Privacy in Association Rule Mining.
A Multi-Purpose Implementation of Mandatory Access Control in Relational Database Management Systems.
GMine: A System for Scalable, Interactive Graph Visualization and Mining.
Data Sharing in the Hyperion Peer Database System.
FAS - A Freshness-Sensitive Coordination Middleware for a Cluster of OLAP Components.
Tools for Information System Dynamics Management.
Recovery Principles in MySQL Cluster 5.1.
Processing Conjunctive Predicates and Queries.
Anatomy of a Mudular Multiple Query Optimizer.
Situation Monitoring for Active Databases.
An Example of Knowledge-Based Query Processing in a CAD/CAM DBMS.
Extending the Algebraic Framework of Query Processing to Handle Outerjoins.
Data Integration in the Large: The Challenge of Reuse.
Security of Shared Data in Large Systems: State of the Art and Research Directions.
A Faceted Query Engine Applied to Archaeology.
Symmetric Relations and Cardinality-Bounded Multisets in Database Systems.
Fast Computation of Sparse Datacubes.
Database Support for Hypertext.
Cost Models DO Matter: Providing Cost Information for Diverse Data Sources in a Federated System.
Don't Scrap It, Wrap It! A Wrapper Architecture for Legacy Data Sources.
ARIES/NT: A Recovery Method Based on Write-Ahead Logging for Nested Transactions.
Distributed Database Management.
A Survey of Research and Development in Distributed Database Management.
Fixed-point semantics and the representation of algorithms on large data.
Preliminary Design of ADMS: A Workstation-Mainframe Integrated Architecture for Database Management Systems.
The Cubetree Storage Organization.
Using Semantic Networks for Database Management.
"Fill-in-the-Form" Programming.
The POSTGRES Data Model.
A Framework for Automating Physical Database Design.
Multiview: A Methodology for Supporting Multiple Views in Object-Oriented Databases.
Aggregates in Possibilistic Databases.
CAPE: Continuous Query Engine with Heterogeneous-Grained Adaptivity.
Towards a Cooperative Transaction Model - The Cooperative Activity Model.
Multidatabase Applications: Semantic and System Issues.
Intra-Transaction Parallelism in the Mapping of an Object Model to a Relational Multi-Processor System.
Sorting, Grouping and Duplicate Elimination in the Advanced Information Management Prototype.
Database Partitioning in a Cluster of Processors.
Index Access with a Finite Buffer.
A Mechanism for Managing the Buffer Pool in a Relational Database System Using the Hot Set Model.
The Structured Information Manager: A Database System for SGML Documents.
A Sequential Pattern Query Language for Supporting Instant Data Mining for e-Services.
IDA: An Intelligent Data Access Program.
Equivalence among Relational Expressions with the Union and Difference Operation.
Building Light-Weight Wrappers for Legacy Web Data-Sources Using W4F.
General Purpose Database Summarization.
A Method for Defining Information Structures and Transactions in Conceptual Schema Design
Mining Approximate Top-K Subspace Anomalies in Multi-Dimensional Time-Series Data.
Similarity Search for Adaptive Ellipsoid Queries Using Spatial Transformation.
The A-tree: An Index Structure for High-Dimensional Spaces Using Relative Approximation.
Principles of Transaction-Based On-Line Reorganization.
Spatial Databases.
A Description Language and Pilot-System Executive for Information-Transport Systems.
GeMBASE: A Geometric Mediator for Brain Analysis with Surface Ensembles.
The Quest for Comprehensive Semantic Formalisms.
User-Adaptive Exploration of Multidimensional Data.
Automation in Information Extraction and Data Integration.
Query Processing in Tertiary Memory Databases.
Explaining Differences in Multidimensional Aggregates.
ALIAS: An Active Learning led Interactive Deduplication System.
Reordering Query Execution in Tertiary Memory Databases.
Green Query Optimization: Taming Query Optimization Overheads through Plan Recycling.
Using History Information to Process Delayed Database Updates.
Intelligent Rollups in Multidimensional OLAP Data.
Local and Global Query Optimization Mechanisms for Relational Databases.
QUIET: Continuous Query-driven Index Tuning.
An Efficient Algorithm for Mining Association Rules in Large Databases.
Maintaining XPath Views In Loosely Coupled Systems.
Business Process Cockpit.
Tuning Schema Matching Software using Synthetic Scenarios.
Controlling Data Warehouses with Knowledge Networks.
Architecture of the SOFIS Data Base Management System.
Panel: Future Directions of Database Research - The VLDB Broadening Strategy, Part 1.
Data Structures for an Integrated Data Base Management and Information Retrieval System.
WATCHMAN : A Data Warehouse Intelligent Cache Manager.
IBM's DB2 Universal Database demonstrations at VLDB'98.
An Abstract Introduction to the Temporal-Hierarchic Data Model (THM).
Lachesis: Robust Database Storage Management Based on Device-specific Performance Characteristics.
A Survey of Physical Database Design Methodology and Techniques.
Optimistic Methods for Concurrency Control in Distributed Database Systems
A Multi-Level Architecture for Relational Data Base Systems.
Parallel Processing of Relations: A Single-Assignment Approach.
QStream: Deterministic Querying of Data Streams.
Robust Real-time Query Processing with QStream.
XMark: A Benchmark for XML Data Management.
Research Directions in Biodiversity Informatics
Tradeoffs in Processing Complex Join Queries via Hashing in Multiprocessor Database Machines.
Supporting Flat Relations by a Nested Relational Kernel.
Commercial Use of Database Technology.
The ADABAS Buffer Pool Manager.
Database Requirements of Knowledge-based Production Scheduling and Control: A CIM Perspective.
Alert: An Architecture for Transforming a Passive DBMS into an Active DBMS.
Stanford's Generalized Database System.
Auditing Large Scale Data Bases.
XXL - A Library Approach to Supporting Efficient Implementations of Advanced Database Queries.
Techniques for Design and Implementation of Efficient Spatial Access Methods.
The Buddy-Tree: An Efficient and Robust Access Method for Spatial Data Base Systems.
Reading a Set of Disk Pages.
Event-Join Optimization in Temporal Relational Databases.
Data Management for Large Rule Systems.
Efficient User-Adaptable Similarity Search in Large Multimedia Databases.
A Multi-version Cache Replacement and Prefetching Policy for Hybrid Data Delivery Environments.
New Seat Reservation System for Japanese National Railways - Distributed Processing Network and High Efficiency Databases.
Multiple Concurrent Updates.
Metrics for Accessing Heterogeneous Data: Is There Any Hope? (Panel).
Information Integration and XML in IBM's DB2.
Predictions and Challenges for Database Systems in the Year 2000.
The R+-Tree: A Dynamic Index for Multi-Dimensional Objects.
Multidimensional Access Methods: Trees Have Grown Everywhere.
Transaction Support in Read Optimizied and Write Optimized File Systems.
Specification of Stored Data Structures and Desired Output Results in DIAM II with FORAL.
FORAL LP: Design and Implementation.
DIAM II and Levels of Abstraction - The Physical Device Level: A General Model for Access Methods.
A Logical Framework for Scheduling Workflows under Resource Allocation Constraints.
Object-Oriented Specification of Databases: An Algebraic Approach.
The Design and Implementation of a Sequence Database System.
The Case for Enhanced Abstract Data Types.
Program Development by Transformations Applied to Relational Database Queries.
New Concurrency Control Algorithms for Accessing and Compacting B-Trees.
Data Base System Performance Prediction Using an Analytical Model (Invited Paper)
Filter Trees for Managing Spatial Data over a Range of Size Granularities
Distributed Linear Hashing and Parallel Projection in Main Memory Databases.
Parallel Algorithms for High-dimensional Similarity Joins for Data Mining Applications.
SPRINT: A Scalable Parallel Classifier for Data Mining
An Efficient and Resilient Approach to Filtering and Disseminating Streaming Data.
Client Assignment in Content Dissemination Networks for Dynamic Data.
Maintaining Coherency of Dynamic Data in Cooperating Repositories.
INSITE: A Tool for Interpreting Users? Interaction with a Web Space.
Relational Databases for Querying XML Documents: Limitations and Opportunities.
Querying XML Views of Relational Data.
Efficiently Publishing Relational Data as XML Documents.
Clotho: Decoupling memory page layout from storage organization.
Efficient Scheduling of Heterogeneous Continuous Queries.
The Spatial Skyline Queries.
AIDA: an Adaptive Immersive Data Analyzer.
What is a "Good" Semantic or Meta Model?
The Data Dictionary Facilities of NDB.
NetBook - a Data Model to Support Knowledge Exploration.
Database Tuning: Principles, Experiments, and Troubleshooting Techniques.
Database Tuning.
Cache Conscious Algorithms for Relational Query Processing.
Technology and the Future of Commerce and Finance (Abstract).
Coping with Complexity in Automated Reasoning about Database Systems.
EOS: Unstoppable Stateful PHP.
EOS: Exactly-Once E-Service Middleware.
WaveCluster: A Multi-Resolution Clustering Approach for Very Large Spatial Databases.
A Formal Model of Trade-off between Optimization and Execution Costs in Semantic Query Optimization.
Multi-Join Optimization for Symmetric Multiprocessors.
SELF-SERV: A Platform for Rapid Composition of Web Services in a Peer-to-Peer Environment.
The Data-Centric Revolution in Networking.
Federated Database Systems for Managing Distributed, Heterogeneous, and Autonomous Databases.
Bellcore's ADAPT/X Harness System for Managing Information on Internet and Intranets.
Supporting State-Wide Immunisation Tracking Using Multi-Paradigm Workflow Technology.
A Shrinking-Based Approach for Multi-Dimensional Data Analysis.
Filtering with Approximate Predicates.
Active and Accelerated Learning of Cost Models for Optimizing Scientific Applications.
Architectures for Internal Web Services Deployment.
Path Expressions for Complex Queries and Automatic Database Program Conversion.
Statistical Databases: Characteristics, Problems, and some Solutions.
On the Implementation of a Logical Data Base Converter.
Temporal Data Management.
Characteristics of Scientific Databases.
Materialized View Selection for Multidimensional Datasets.
Storage Estimation for Multidimensional Aggregates in the Presence of Hierarchies.
An Information-Theoretic Study on Aggregate Responses.
Standardization and Database Systems.
Using Design Axioms and Topology to Model Database Semantics.
A Metadata Approach to Resolving Semantic Conflicts.
Integrating Implicit Answers with Object-Oriented Queries.
Next Generation Data Management in Enterprise Application Platforms.
Scalable Techniques for Mining Causal Structures.
Promises and Realities of Active Database Systems.
Implementing High Level Active Rules on Top of a Relational DBMS.
A DBMS for the U.S. Bureo of the Census.
SIT-IN: a Real-Life Spatio-Temporal Information System.
Efficiency-Quality Tradeoffs for Vector Score Aggregation.
Query Execution Assurance for Outsourced Databases.
Resilient Rights Protection for Sensor Streams.
GORDIAN: Efficient and Scalable Discovery of Composite Keys.
The Complexity of Fully Materialized Coalesced Cubes.
Reasoning About Spatial Relationships in Picture Retrieval Systems.
Similarity based Retrieval of Pictures Using Indices on Spatial Relationships.
From Focused Crawling to Expert Information: an Application Framework for Web Exploration and Portal Generation.
Trust-Serv: A Lightweight Trust Negotiation Service.
Concurrent Garbage Collection in O2.
Massive Stochastic Testing of SQL.
Comments on the paper "Data Base Design in Theory and Practice" by Bo Sundgren.
Conversion and the CODASYL Framework.
A Normal Form for Abstract Syntax.
Entity Modeling in the MLS Relational Model.
Tamper Detection in Audit Logs.
Concurrent Data Base Reorganization - Assessment of a Powerful Technique through Modeling
The Rufus System: Information Organization for Semi-Structured Data.
Software Requirement Definition and Data Models.
The Semantic Web Paving the Way to the Knowledge Society.
IT839 Policy Leading to u-Korea.
Database Management in the Year 2000: Projections and Star Gazing (Panel).
User Interfaces; Who Cares?
Cooperative Database Design (Panel).
A Generalized End-User Facility Architecture for Relational Database Systems.
A Pragmatic Approach to Database Design.
AQAX: A System for Approximate XML Query Answers.
Table of Contents (pdf).
Informix-Online XPS: A Dynamically Scalable RDBMS for Open Parallel Platforms.
Framework for the Security Component of an Ada DBMS.
Translation Structures of Relational Views.
The hcC-tree: An Efficient Index Structure for Object Oriented Databases.
Mining Generalized Association Rules.
A Platform Based on the Multi-dimensional Data Model for Analysis of Bio-Molecular Structures.
Oracle8i Index-Organized Table and Its Application to New Domains.
Information Management Challenges from the Aerospace Industry.
A logical framework for temporal deductive databases.
Cumulative Updates.
Answering Queries with Aggregation Using Views.
Query Optimization over Web Services.
Coral++: Adding Object-Orientation to a Logic Database Language.
Memory-Limited Execution of Windowed Stream Joins.
Discovery of Influence Sets in Frequently Updated Databases.
The Bloomba Personal Content Database.
Adaptive Data Broadcast in Hybrid Networks.
Incremental Maintenance of Externally Materialized Views.
Status Report on ISO/TC97/SC5/WG3 - Data Base Management Systems.
From Nested-Loop to Join Queries in OODB.
Bypassing Joins in Disjunctive Queries.
Mapping Moving Landscapes by Mining Mountains of Logs: Novel Techniques for Dependency Model Generation.
A Data Base Management Facility for Automatic Generation of Data Base Managers.
The National Medical Knowledge Bank.
LEO - DB2's LEarning Optimizer.
Efficient Organization of Internal DBMS Structure.
A Target Logical Schema: The ACS.
Multi-Dimensional Database Allocation for Parallel Data Warehouses.
WARLOCK: A Data Allocation Tool for Parallel Warehouses.
Efficient Exploration of Large Scientific Databases.
The Design of the POSTGRES Storage System.
C-Store: A Column-oriented DBMS.
DBMS Research at a Crossroads: The Vienna Update.
Tioga: Providing Data Management Support for Scientific Visualization Applications.
TIMBER: A Sophisticated Relation Browser (Invited Paper).
The Design of XPRS.
Observations on Data Manipulation Languages and Their Embedding in General Purpose Programming Languages.
Database Portals: A New Application Program Interface.
Adaptive Self-tuning Memory in DB2.
Functional Specification of a Decision Support System.
A Dialogue Interface for Data Base Applications.
MICRONET: A Microcomputer Network System for Managing Distributed Relational Databases.
Semantic Query Optimization in an Automata-Algebra Combined XQuery Engine over XML Streams.
Semantic Query Optimization for XQuery over XML Streams.
High-Level Navigational Facilities for Network and Relational Databases.
Procedures in Object-Oriented Query Languages.
Viewers: A Data-World Analogue of Procedure Calls.
Query Optimization by Stored Queries.
Online Outlier Detection in Sensor Data Using Non-Parametric Models.
Query Decomposition and View Maintenance for Query Languages for Unstructured Data.
Implementation and Analysis of a Parallel Collection Query Language.
Aggregation and Relevance in Deductive Databases.
Elimination of View and Redundant Variables in a SQL-like Database Language for Extended NF2 Structures.
Tribeca: A Stream Database Manager for Network Traffic Analysis.
Using Write Protected Data Structures To Improve Software Fault Tolerance in Highly Available Database Management Systems.
A Product Specification Database for Visual Prototyping.
Developing an Indexing Scheme for XML Document Collection using the Oracle8i Extensibility Framework.
Data Base Design in Theory and Practice.
On Search Performance for Conjunctive Queries in Compressed, Fully Transposed Ordered Files.
Database Theory and its Relationship to Practice.
End User Access to Very Large Databases in an Automated Office/Workstation Environment.
Answering XPath Queries over Networks by Sending Minimal Views.
Versions of Simple and Composite Objects.
DB1 - A DBMS-Based Application Generator.
Dynamic Load Balancing for Parallel Association Rule Mining on Heterogenous PC Cluster Systems.
Efficient Progressive Skyline Computation.
Online Feedback for Nested Aggregate Queries with Multi-Threading.
Walking Through a Very Large Virtual Environment in Real-time.
Bit-Sliced VLSI Algorithm for Search and Sort.
Decomposition and Composition of a Relational Database.
Logical Integration of Locally Independent Relational Databases into a Distributed Database
Indexing Multi-Dimensional Uncertain Data with Arbitrary Probability Density Functions.
Adaptive Index Structures.
Reverse kNN Search in Arbitrary Dimensionality.
Continuous Nearest Neighbor Search.
Practical Suffix Tree Construction.
Load Shedding in a Data Stream Manager.
Window-Aware Load Shedding for Aggregation Queries over Data Streams.
Choice and Performance in Locking for Databases.
Concurrency in the Data Warehouse.
Database Program Conversion: A Framework for Research.
High-Performance and Scalability through Application Tier,In-Memory Data Management.
Towards Event-Driven Modelling for Database Design.
A Regression-Based Temporal Pattern Mining Scheme for Data Streams.
SVT: Schema Validation Tool for Microsoft SQL-Server.
An Efficient and Versatile Query Engine for TopX Search.
Top-k Query Evaluation with Probabilistic Guarantees.
Data Warehouse Configuration.
Comments on the Paper "Data Base Design in Theory and Practice".
A Superjoin Algorithm for Deductive Databases.
Psychological Issues in Data Base Management.
A Plan-Operator Concept for Client-Based Knowledge Progressing.
Building Usable Menu-Based Natural Language Interfaces To Databases.
AWESOME - A Data Warehouse-based System for Adaptive Website Recommendations.
Tuple Routing Strategies for Distributed Eddies.
A Micro-DBMS for a Distributed Data Base.
PRTV: An Efficient Implementation for Large Relational Data Bases.
Multi-Level Structures of the DBTG Data Model for an Achievement of Physical Data Independence.
Sampling Large Databases for Association Rules.
Choosing an Efficient Internal Schema.
Biological Data Management: Research, Practice and Opportunities.
The Reconstruction and Optimization of Trie Hashing Functions.
Chameleon: an Extensible and Customizable Tool for Web Data Translation.
The ADD System: An Architecture for Distributed Databases.
Type Classification of Semi-Structured Documents.
On-Demand Data Elevation in Hierarchical Multimedia Storage Servers.
The GMAP: A Versatile Tool for Physical Data Independence.
Features of a Conceptual Schema.
OFS: An Integrated Form Management System.
Integrating Data Base and Message Systems (Invited Paper)
A Multimedia Office Filing System.
The Generalized Pre-Grouping Transformation: Aggregate-Query Optimization in the Presence of Dependencies.
Multi-Level Data Model in DPLS - Database, Dynamic Program Control & Open-Ended Pol Support.
Data Mining in the Bioinformatics Domain.
Are Web Services the Next Revolution in e-Commerce? (Panel).
LDL: A Logic-Based Data Language.
Load Shedding in Stream Databases: A Control-Based Approach.
A Pragmatic Approach to Structured Database Design.
A Tool for Modular Database Design.
Similarity Search: A Matching Based Approach.
A DBMS for Large Statistical Databases.
A Temporal Relational Algebra as Basis for Temporal Relational Completeness.
Atomicity versus Anonymity: Distributed Transactions for Electronic Commerce.
An Extended Relational Database System and It's Application to Management of Logic Diagrama.
BilVideo Video Database Management System.
Querying Business Processes with BP-QL.
Dynamic Pipeline Scheduling for Improving Interactive Query Performance.
A Method for Change Computation in Deductive Databases.
Object-Oriented Database Systems.
Implementation Techniques of Complex Objects.
Very Large Databases: How Large, How Different?
Describing and Using Query Capabilities of Heterogeneous Sources.
Functional Dependencies and Incomplete Information.
How Does an Expert System Get its Data? (Extended Abstract).
Mapping Adaptation under Evolving Schemas.
The O2 Object Manager: an Overview.
Systematic Derivation of Complementary Specifications
Views in a Large Scale XML Repository.
Heterogeneous Database Query Optimization in DB2 Universal DataJoiner.
Reference-based Indexing of Sequence Databases.
The Role of Integrity Constraints in Database Interoperation.
Characterization of Well-Behaved Database Schemata and Their Update Semantics.
Data Base Design by Applied Data Synthesis.
Applying Hash Filters to Improving the Execution of Bushy Trees.
From Data Independence to Knowledge Independence: An on-going Story.
A Dependability Benchmark for OLTP Application Environments.
Maximizing the Output Rate of Multi-Way Join Queries over Streaming Information Sources.
GnatDb: A Small-Footprint, Secure Database System.
Applying Data Mining Techniques to a Health Insurance Information System.
An Adaptive Hybrid Server Architecture for Client Caching ODBMSs.
The Mirror MMDBMS Architecture.
FeedbackBypass: A New Approach to Interactive Similarity Query Processing.
Et tu, XML? The downfall of the relational empire (abstract).
On Retrieval from a Small Version of a Large Data Base.
Data Planning.
Strategies for Handling Transactions in Distributed Data Base Systems During Recovery.
Nested Transactions with Multiple Commit Points: An Approach to the Structuring of Advanced Database Applications.
Database Support for Knowledge-Based Image Evaluation.
A Taxonomy and Performance Model of Data Skew Effects in Parallel Joins.
DB2 Query Parallelism: Staging and Implementation.
Avoiding Ordering and Grouping In Query Processing.
Computing PageRank in a Distributed Internet Search Engine System.
Mining Frequent Itemsets Using Support Constraints.
Bloom Histogram: Path Selectivity Estimation for XML Data with Updates.
Temporal Management of RFID Data.
Efficient Secure Query Evaluation over Encrypted XML Databases.
A Polygen Model for Heterogeneous Database Systems: The Source Tagging Perspective.
NUITS: A Novel User Interface for Efficient Keyword Search over Databases.
State-Slice: New Paradigm of Multi-query Optimization of Window-based Stream Queries.
HUX: Handling Updates in XML.
Query Processing for Distance Metrics.
An Interpolated Volume Data Model.
R-SOX: Runtime Semantic Query Optimization over XML Streams.
Efficient Processing of XML Path Queries Using the Disk-based F&B Index.
Instance-based Schema Matching for Web Databases by Domain-specific Query Probing.
STING: A Statistical Information Grid Approach to Spatial Data Mining.
Using SQL to Build New Aggregates and Extenders for Object- Relational Systems.
ATLAS: A Small but Complete SQL Extension for Data Mining and Data Streams.
Building Hierarchical Classifiers Using Class Proximity.
Name-Tracing Using the ICL Content Addressable Filestore.
Efficient Processing of Interactive Relational Data Base Queries expressed in Logic
Multi-column Substring Matching for Database Schema Translation.
A Software Engineering View of Data Base Management.
A Software Engineering View of Data Base Systems.
Data Bases for Software Development
A Quantitative Analysis and Performance Study for Similarity-Search Methods in High-Dimensional Spaces.
WebService Composition with O'GRAPE and OSIRIS.
Self-tuning Database Technology and Information Services: from Wishful Thinking to Viable Engineering.
Architectural Issues of Transaction Management in Multi-Layered Systems.
Implementation Strategies for the Census Data Base.
An Extended Disjunctive Normal Form Approach for Optimizing Recursive Logic Queries in Loosely Coupled Environments.
Separability - An Approach to Physical Data Base Design
Physical Design of Network Model Databases Using the Property of Separability.
A Performance Study of Alternative Object Faulting and Pointer Swizzling Strategies.
GTE SuperPages: Using IR Techniques for Searching Complex Objects.
Implementing Set-Oriented Production Rules as an Extension to Starburst.
Knowledge to Mediate from User's Workstations to Databases.
Bulk Loading into an OODB: A Performance Study.
OODB Bulk Loading Revisited: The Partitioned-List Approach.
Hyperqueries: Dynamic Distributed Query Processing on the Internet.
Efficient Testing of High Performance Transaction Processing Systems.
Maintaining Consistency of Client-Cached Data.
Parallelism in a Main-Memory DBMS: The Performance of PRISMA/DB.
A Conceptual Model for Semantic Integrity Checking.
The Multipurpose Presentation System.
Semantics vs. Graphics - To Show or not to Show.
A System for Interactive Error Detection.
Optimal Choice of Data Restructuring Points.
Business Modelling Using SQL Spreadsheets.
Query By Excel.
NCR 3700 - The Next-Generation Industrial Database Computer.
Automatic Classification of Office Documents by Coupling Relational Data Bases and PROLOG Expert Systems.
Multimedia Information Management in an Object-Oriented Database System.
Algebraic Optimization of Computations over Scientific Databases.
GUIDE: Graphical User Interface for Database Exploration.
Transposition Algorithms on Very Large Compressed Databases.
Bit Transposed Files.
Factoring Augmented Regular Chain Programs.
Decentralized Authorization in a Database System.
An Implementation of Hypothetical Relations.
FALCON: Feedback Adaptive Loop for Content-Based Retrieval.
On the performance of bitmap indices for high cardinality attributes.
A Performance Study of Workfile Disk Management for Concurrent Mergesorts in a Multiprocessor Database System.
Gorder: An Efficient Method for KNN Join Processing.
On Computing Top-t Most Influential Spatial Sites.
Anatomy: Simple and Effective Privacy Preservation.
Join Index Hierarchies for Supporting Efficient Navigations in Object-Oriented Databases.
Towards Robust Indexing for Ranked Queries.
Answering Top-k Queries with Multi-Dimensional Selections: The Ranking Cube Approach.
Star-Cubing: Computing Iceberg Cubes by Top-Down and Bottom-Up Integration.
Mining Compressed Frequent-Pattern Sets.
Providing Resiliency to Load Variations in Distributed Stream Processing.
Semantic Mining and Analysis of Gene Expression Data.
Databases in a Wireless World.
Caching Strategies for Data-Intensive Web Sites.
Building and Customizing Data-Intensive Web Sites Using Weave.
Design of a Balanced Multiple Valued File Organization Schema with the Least Redundancy.
Integrating a Structured-Text Retrieval System with an Object-Oriented Database System.
Duplicate Removal in Information System Dissemination.
Eager Aggregation and Lazy Aggregation.
A Dynamic Perfect Hash Function Defined by an Extended Hash Indicator Table.
Comparing Hybrid Peer-to-Peer Systems.
Algorithms for Materialized View Design in Data Warehousing Environment.
Secure XML Publishing without Information Leakage in the Presence of Data Inference.
Query Transformation for PSJ-Queries.
Efficient Mining of XML Query Patterns for Caching.
Algorithms for Acyclic Database Schemes
Selection of File Organization Using an Analytic Model.
Checking for k-Anonymity Violation by Views.
Relational Data Model with Cause-Effect Association (Abstract).
Using High Dimensional Indexes to Support Relevance Feedback Based Interactive Images Retrival.
Toward a Design Methodology for DBMS: A Software Engineering Approach.
Automatic Extraction of Dynamic Record Sections From Search Engine Result Pages.
LinkClus: Efficient Clustering via Heterogeneous Semantic Links.
Crimson: A Data Management System to Support Evaluating Phylogenetic Tree Reconstruction Algorithms.
On Analogical Query Processing in Logic Database.
Processing Inequality Queries Based on Generalized Semi-Joins.
Improving Database Performance on Simultaneous Multithreading Processors.
Query Processing in a Relational Database Management System.
VXMLR: A Visual XML-Relational Database System.
Tabular Placement of Relational Data on MEMS-based Storage Devices.
WmXML: A System for Watermarking XML Data.
On Affinity Based Routing in Multi-System Data Sharing.
Buffering Accesses to Memory-Resident Index Structures.
False Positive or False Negative: Mining Frequent Itemsets from High Speed Transactional Data Streams.
Data Bubbles for Non-Vector Data: Speeding-up Hierarchical Clustering in Arbitrary Metric Spaces.
Schema Summarization.
Stochastic Consistency, and Scalable Pull-Based Caching for Erratic Data Sources.
Distributed Top-N Query Processing with Possibly Uncooperative Local Systems.
StatStream: Statistical Monitoring of Thousands of Data Streams in Real Time.
File Allocation in Distributed Databases with Interaction between Files.
DB2 Design Advisor: Integrated Automatic Physical Database Design.
Compressed Accessibility Map: Efficient Access Control for XML.
A Raster Approximation For Processing of Spatial Joins.
A Semantic Information Integration Tool Suite.
Different Views of a Data Base: Coexistence between Network Model and Relational Model.
Efficient Computation of the Skyline Cube.
Distributed Privacy Preserving Information Sharing.
Conference Officers.
AReNA: Adaptive Distributed Catalog Infrastructure Based On Relevance Networks.
Hyper-Programming in Java.
Estimating Block Accessses when Attributes are Correlated.
Hit Data Model Data Bases from the Functional Point of View.
The Representation and Deductive Retrieval of Complex Objects.
Query-by-Example: the Invocation and Definition of Tables and Forms.
An Adaptive Hash Join Algorithm for Multiuser Environments.
An Efficient Indexing Technique for Full Text Databases.
Experience Report: Exploiting Advanced Database Optimization Features for Large-Scale SAP R/3 Installations.
Searching Large Lexicons for Partially Specified Terms using Compressed Inverted Files.
Scientific Databases - State of the Art and Future Directions.
Efficiency of Nested Relational Document Database Systems.
AgFlow: Agent-based Cross-Enterprise Workflow Management System.
Safely and Efficiently Updating References During On-line Reorganization.
Hamming Filters: A Dynamic Signature File Organization for Parallel Stores.
Datawarehousing Has More Colours Than Just Black & White.
Progressive Computation of the Min-Dist Optimal-Location Query.
Matching Twigs in Probabilistic XML.
Light-weight Domain-based Form Assistant: Querying Web Databases On the Fly.
Probabilistic Graphical Models and their Role in Databases.
Statistical Learning Techniques for Costing XML Queries.
DataScope: Viewing Database Contents in Google Maps' Way.
Dynamic Memory Adjustment for External Mergesort.
Supporting Time-Constrained SQL Queries in Oracle.
Buffering and Read-Ahead Strategies for External Mergesort.
A Simple and Efficient Estimation Method for Stream Expression Cardinalities.
HOS-Miner: A System for Detecting Outlying Subspaces of High-dimensional Data.
Example-driven design of efficient record matching queries.
A Cost-Estimation Component for Statement Sequences.
An Approach to Optimize Data Processing in Business Processes.
Adaptive query processing: Why, How, When, and What Next?
Staying FIT: Efficient Load Shedding Techniques for Distributed Stream Processing.
Indexable PLA for Efficient Similarity Search.
VGRAM: Improving Performance of Approximate Queries on String Collections Using Variable-Length Grams.
Improving Data Quality: Consistency and Accuracy.
Efficient Keyword Search over Virtual XML Views.
Zoom*UserViews: Querying Relevant Provenance in Workflow Systems.
SQLB: A Query Allocation Framework for Autonomous Consumers and Providers.
Context-Aware Wrapping: Synchronized Data Extraction.
SciPort: An Adaptable Scientific Data Integration Platform for Collaborative Scientific Research.
The End of an Architectural Era (It's Time for a Complete Rewrite).
Secure Data Outsourcing.
Model Management and Schema Mappings: Theory and Practice.
TRAX - Real-World Tracking of Moving Objects.
Periscope/SQ: Interactive Exploration of Biological Sequence Databases.
Adaptive Aggregation on Chip Multiprocessors.
FluxCapacitor: Efficient Time-Travel Text Search.
Update Exchange with Mappings and Provenance.
Deadline and QoS Aware Data Warehouse.
Measuring the Structural Similarity of Semistructured Documents Using Entropy.
Fast Data Anonymization with Low Information Loss.
Regulatory-Compliant Data Management.
On the Production of Anorexic Plan Diagrams.
Main-Memory Operation Buffering for Efficient R-Tree Update.
STAR: Self-Tuning Aggregation for Scalable Monitoring.
A STEP Towards Realizing Codd's Vision of Rendezvous with the Casual User.
Self-Tuning Database Systems: A Decade of Progress.
Computer Science 2.0: A New World of Data Management.
Efficient Use of the Query Optimizer for Automated Database Design.
On Dominating Your Neighborhood Profitably.
Proof-Infused Streams: Enabling Authentication of Sliding Window Queries On Streams.
Querying Complex Structured Databases.
XBenchMatch: a Benchmark for XML Schema Matching Tools.
Ranked Subsequence Matching in Time-Series Databases.
Materialized Views in Probabilistic Databases for Information Exchange and Query Optimization.
Dynamic Workload Management for Very Large Data Warehouses: Juggling Feathers and Bowling Balls.
Automating the Detection of Snapshot Isolation Anomalies.
Structured Materialized Views for XML Queries.
Efficient Skyline Computation over Low-Cardinality Domains.
Inferring XML Schema Definitions from XML Data.
Unifying Data and Domain Knowledge Using Virtual Views.
The GCX System: Dynamic Buffer Minimization in Streaming XQuery Evaluation.
Towards Graph Containment Search and Indexing.
Extending XQuery with Window Functions.
MIST: Distributed Indexing and Querying in Sensor Networks using Statistical Models.
LCS-TRIM: Dynamic Programming Meets XML Indexing and Querying.
FuSem - Exploring Different Semantics of Data Fusion.
Extending Dependencies with Conditions.
XML retrieval: db/ir in theory, web in practice.
NS2: Networked Searchable Store with Correctness.
Approaching the Skyline in Z Order.
On the Correctness Criteria of Fine-Grained Access Control in Relational Databases.
Increasing Buffer-Locality for Multiple Index Based Scans through Intelligent Placement and Index Scan Speed Control.
Executing Stream Joins on the Cell Processor.
Peer-to-Peer Similarity Search in Metric Spaces.
Effective Phrase Prediction.
Cooperative Scans: Dynamic Bandwidth Sharing in a DBMS.
Time Series Compressibility and Privacy.
Stop-and-Restart Style Execution for Long Running Decision Support Queries.
CADS: Continuous Authentication on Data Streams.
Query Processing over Incomplete Autonomous Databases.
A General Framework for Modeling and Processing Optimization Queries.
Randomized Algorithms for Data Reconciliation in Wide Area Aggregate Query Processing.
Performance Evaluation and Experimental Assessment - Conscience or Curse of Database Research?
Inverse Functions in the AquaLogic Data Services Platform.
Fast nGram-Based String Search Over Data Encoded Using Algebraic Signatures.
HiSbase: Histogram-based P2P Main Memory Data Management.
XRPC: Interoperable and Efficient Distributed XQuery.
SOR: A Practical System for Ontology Storage, Reasoning and Search.
Modeling and Querying Vague Spatial Objects Using Shapelets.
Declarative Information Extraction Using Datalog with Embedded Extraction Predicates.
Answering Aggregation Queries in a Secure System Model.
OLAP over Imprecise Data with Domain Constraints.
Eliminating Impedance Mismatch in C++.
Request Window: an Approach to Improve Throughput of RDBMS-based Data Integration System by Utilizing Data Sharing Across Concurrent Distributed Queries.
Multi-Probe LSH: Efficient Indexing for High-Dimensional Similarity Search .
Privacy Skyline: Privacy with Multidimensional Adversarial Knowledge.
Depth Estimation for Ranking Query Optimization.
Challenges and Experience in Prototyping a Multi-Modal Stream Analytic and Monitoring Application on System S.
Monitoring Business Processes with Queries.
P2P Authority Analysis for Social Communities.
Minimality Attack in Privacy Preserving Data Publishing.
A Bayesian Method for Guessing the Extreme Values in a Data Set.
Tracing Lineage Beyond Relational Operators.
Lazy Maintenance of Materialized Views.
Cover Page.
Extending Q-Grams to Estimate Selectivity of String Matching with Low Edit Distance.
Efficient Computation of Reverse Skyline Queries.
Semi-Automatic Schema Integration in Clio.
Data Access Patterns in The Amazon.com Technology Platform.
Probabilistic Skylines on Uncertain Data.
Why You Should Run TPC-DS: A Workload Analysis.
Adaptive Fastest Path Computation on a Road Network: A Traffic Mining Approach.
CallAssist: Helping Call Center Agents in Preference Elicitation.
From Data Privacy to Location Privacy: Models and Algorithms.
BlogScope: A System for Online Analysis of High Volume Text Streams.
Security in Outsourcing of Association Rule Mining.
A genetic approach for random testing of database systems.
A Generic solution for Warehousing Business Process Data.
Efficiently Answering Top-k Typicality Queries on Large Databases.
Making Sense of Suppressions and Failures in Sensor Data: A Bayesian Approach.
Bridging the Application and DBMS Profiling Divide for Database Application Developers.
Detecting Attribute Dependencies from Query Feedback.
Processing Forecasting Queries.
EntityRank: Searching Entities Directly and Holistically.
GhostDB: Hiding Data from Prying Eyes.
IndeGS: Index Supported Graphics Data Server for CFD Data Postprocessing.
A Relational Approach to Incrementally Extracting and Querying Structure in Unstructured Data.
Efficient Bulk Deletes for Multi Dimensionally Clustered Tables in DB2.
Self-Organizing Schema Mappings in the GridVine Peer Data Management System.
Ad-hoc Top-k Query Answering for Data Streams.
Seeking Stable Clusters in the Blogosphere.
RankMass Crawler: A Crawler with High PageRank Coverage Guarantee.
CellSort: High Performance Sorting on the Cell Processor.
Graph Indexing: Tree + Delta >= Graph.
GeRoMeSuite: A System for Holistic Generic Model Management.
To Share or Not To Share?
Data Integration with Uncertainty.
K-Anonymization as Spatial Indexing: Toward Scalable and Incremental Anonymization.
XSeek: A Semantic XML Search Engine Using Keywords.
Over-encryption: Management of Access Control Evolution on Outsourced Data.
The Boundary Between Privacy and Utility in Data Publishing.
Technology for Developing Regions.
On Efficient Spatial Matching.
iTrails: Pay-as-you-go Information Integration in Dataspaces.
Continuous Queries in Oracle.
Optimization of Frequent Itemset Mining on Multiple-Core Processor.
Welcome Message from the General Chairs.
Building Structured Web Community Portals: A Top-Down, Compositional, and Incremental Approach.
Reasoning about the Behavior of Semantic Web Services with Concurrent Transaction Logic.
Integrity Auditing of Outsourced Data.
Value-Based Notification Conditions in Large-Scale Publish/Subscribe Systems.
UQLIPS: A Real-time Near-duplicate Video Clip Detection System.
Efficient Processing of Top-k Dominating Queries on Multi-Dimensional Data.
Large Scale P2P Distribution of Open-Source Software.
Sum-Max Monotonic Ranked Joins for Evaluating Top-K Twig Queries on Weighted Data Graphs.
Best Position Algorithms for Top-k Queries.
Copyright Notice.
DAMIA - A Data Mashup Fabric for Intranet Applications.
Early Profile Pruning on XML-aware Publish/Subscribe Systems.
What does Web 2.0 have to do with databases?
Foreword from the PC Chairs.
Query language support for incomplete information in the MayBMS system.
Program Committees and External Reviewers.
Anytime Measures for Top-k Algorithms.
VLDB Endowment Board of Trustees.
Scalable Semantic Web Data Management Using Vertical Partitioning.
Raster databases.
Proceedings of the 33rd International Conference on Very Large Data Bases, University of Vienna, Austria, September 23-27, 2007
Proceedings of the 32nd International Conference on Very Large Data Bases, Seoul, Korea, September 12-15, 2006
